# PDF EXTRACTION SUMMARY
File: pdfs/Real-world gen AI use cases from the world's leading organizations | Google Cloud Blog.pdf
Total Pages: 80
Text Length: 163635 characters
Word Count: 23259 words
Extracted At: 2025-06-24T20:05:55.889Z

# METADATA
{}

# FULL TEXT CONTENT


6/13/25, 3:32 PMReal-world gen AI use cases from the world's leading organizations | Google Cloud Blog
Page 1 of 80https://cloud.google.com/transform/101-real-world-generative-ai-use-cases-from-industry-leaders
Contact sales
Cloud
Blog
Solutions & technologyEcosystemDevelopers & PractitionersTransform with Google Cloud
AI & Machine Learning
601 real-world gen AI use
cases from the world's leading
organizations
April 9, 2025
Ma! Renner
President, Global Revenue,
Google Cloud
Ma! A.V. Chaban
Senior Editor, Transform
AI is here, AI is everywhere: Top companies,

6/13/25, 3:32 PMReal-world gen AI use cases from the world's leading organizations | Google Cloud Blog
Page 2 of 80https://cloud.google.com/transform/101-real-world-generative-ai-use-cases-from-industry-leaders
AI is here, AI is everywhere: Top companies,
governments, researchers, and startups are already
enhancing their work with Google's AI solutions.
Published April 12, 2024; last updated April 9, 2025.
Exactly a year ago, we !rst published this list during Google Cloud
Next 24. It numbered 101 entries. 
It felt like a lot at the time, and served as a showcase of how much
momentum both Google and the industry were seeing around
generative AI adoption. In the brief period of gen AI being widely
available, organizations of all sizes had begun experimenting with it
and pu#ing it into production across their work and across the
world, doing so at a speed rarely seen with new technology.
What a di$erence a year makes. Our list has grown by 6X. And still,
that’s just scratching the surface of what’s becoming possible with
AI across the enterprise.
Many of these use cases are coming to life this week at Google
Cloud Next 25, as we join with these customers and partners and
thousands more in Las Vegas and virtually around the globe.
To name just a few: Wendy’s, Papa John’s pizza, and Uber are all
managing orders faster, whether that’s at the drive-thru or through
their app with predictive AI tools. Mercedes Benz and General
Motors have enhanced in-vehicle services while Samsung’s newest
phones and even its in-home robot, Ballie, have more responsive
features thanks to AI. Financial institutions like Citi, Deutsche Bank,
and Intesa Sanpaolo are providing new services securely,
monitoring markets faster, and comba#ing fraud in novel ways.
Given the incredible pace of innovation and progress we continue
to see, we are con!dent that AI will grow beyond even our
imagination as our customers continue to challenge us to design,
build, deploy, and create value. 
Hopefully you !nd something here that will propel our own AI
endeavors together.
Try Gemini
2.5
Our most
intelligent
model is now
available on
Vertex AI
Tr y
now

6/13/25, 3:32 PMReal-world gen AI use cases from the world's leading organizations | Google Cloud Blog
Page 3 of 80https://cloud.google.com/transform/101-real-world-generative-ai-use-cases-from-industry-leaders
The list is organized by 11 major industry groups, and within those,
six agent types: Customer, Employee, Creative, Code, Data, and
Security. There are 280 new entries, denoted with an asterisk (*)
before the organization’s name.
Automotive & Logistics
Customer Agents
Continental is using Google's data and AI technologies to
develop automotive solutions that are safe, e%cient, and user-
focused. One of the initial outcomes of this partnership is the
integration of Google Cloud's conversational AI technologies
into Continental's Smart Cockpit HPC, an in-vehicle speech-
command solution.
General Motors’ OnStar has been augmented with new AI
features, including a virtual assistant powered by Google
Cloud’s conversational AI technologies that are be#er able to
recognize the speaker’s intent.
*MercedesBenz is providing conversational search and
navigation in the new CLA series cars using Google Cloud’s
industry-tuned Automotive AI Agent.
Mercedes Benz is infusing e-commerce capabilities into its
online storefront with a gen AI-powered smart sales assistant. 
PODS worked with the advertising agency Tombras to create
the “World’s Smartest Billboard” using Gemini — a campaign
on its trucks that could adapt to each neighborhood in New
York City, changing in real-time based on data. It hit all 299
neighborhoods in just 29 hours, creating more than 6,000

6/13/25, 3:32 PMReal-world gen AI use cases from the world's leading organizations | Google Cloud Blog
Page 4 of 80https://cloud.google.com/transform/101-real-world-generative-ai-use-cases-from-industry-leaders
unique headlines.
UPS Capital launched DeliveryDefense Address Con!dence,
which uses machine learning and UPS data to provide a
con!dence score for shippers to help them determine the
likelihood of a successful delivery.
Volkswagen of America built a virtual assistant in the myVW
app, where drivers can explore their owners’ manuals and ask
questions, such as, “How do I change a &at tire?” or “What
does this digital cockpit indicator light mean?” Users can also
use Gemini’s multimodal capabilities to see helpful information
and context on indicator lights simply by pointing their
smartphone cameras at the dashboard.
Employee Agents
704 Apps creates applications serving the last-mile
transportation segment, connecting thousands of drivers and
passengers every day. During trips, the audio content of
conversations between car occupants is sent to Gemini, which
measures the emotional “temperature." Speci!c words such as
“robbery”, “assault”, “kidnapping”, among others, can be
classi!ed as hostile by the tool, generating alerts to anticipate
risky situations before they happen.
Oxa, a developer of so'ware for autonomous vehicles, uses
Gemini for Google Workspace to build campaign templates for
metrics reporting, write social posts in order to make marketing
processes more e%cient, create job descriptions, and
proofread content across all teams, saving time and resources.
*Rivian uses Google Workspace with Gemini to enhance
communication and collaboration across tech and marketing
teams, resulting in faster, higher quality work.
Toyota implemented an AI pla(orm using Google Cloud's AI
infrastructure to enable factory workers to develop and deploy
machine learning models. This led to a reduction of over
10,000 man-hours per year and increased e%ciency and
productivity.
Uber is using AI agents to help employees be more productive,

6/13/25, 3:32 PMReal-world gen AI use cases from the world's leading organizations | Google Cloud Blog
Page 5 of 80https://cloud.google.com/transform/101-real-world-generative-ai-use-cases-from-industry-leaders
save time, and be even more e$ective at work. For customer
service representatives, the company launched new tools that
summarize communications with users and can even surface
context from previous interactions, so front-line sta$ can be
more helpful and e$ective.
*Uber also uses Google Workspace with Gemini to save time on
repetitive tasks, free up developers for higher-value work,
reduce their agency spending, and to enhance employee
retention.
Code Agents
*Renault Group’s Ampere, an EV and so'ware subsidiary
created in 2023, is using an enterprise version of Gemini Code
Assist, built for teams of developers and able to understand a
company’s code base, standards, and conventions.
Data Agents
BMW Group, in collaboration with Monkeyway, developed the
AI solution SORDI.ai to optimize industrial planning processes
and supply chains with gen AI. This involves scanning assets
and using Vertex AI to create 3D models that act as digital
twins that perform thousands of simulations to optimize
distribution e%ciency.
Dematic is using the multimodal features in Vertex AI and
Gemini to build end-to-end ful!llment solutions for both
ecommerce and omnichannel retailers.
Geotab, a global leader in telematics, uses BigQuery and
Vertex AI to analyze billions of data points per day from over
4.6 million vehicles. This enables real-time insights for &eet
optimization, driver safety, transportation decarbonization, and
macro-scale transportation analytics to drive safer and more
sustainable cities.
Kinaxis is building data-driven supply chain solutions to

6/13/25, 3:32 PMReal-world gen AI use cases from the world's leading organizations | Google Cloud Blog
Page 6 of 80https://cloud.google.com/transform/101-real-world-generative-ai-use-cases-from-industry-leaders
address logistics use cases including scenario modeling,
planning, operations management, and automation.
*Nuro, an autonomous driving company, uses vector search in
AlloyDB to enable their vehicles to accurately classify objects
encountered on the road.
*Picterra, which calls itself a search engine for the physical
world, adopted Google Kubernetes Engine to power its
pla(orm, providing the ability to quickly scale to meet the
demands of geospatial AI workloads. With GKE, Picterra can
model the terrain of entire countries quickly, even at ultra-high
resolutions.
Prewave, a supply chain risk intelligence pla(orm, utilizes
Google Cloud's AI services to provide end-to-end risk
monitoring and ESG risk detection for businesses. This enables
companies to gain transparency deep into their supply chains,
ensuring resilience, sustainability, and compliance with
regulations like the European CSDDD.
*TruckHouse specializes in expedition vehicles and speeds
inventory tracking with Gemini in Sheets so they can spend
more time in the great outdoors.
UPS is building a digital twin of its entire distribution network,
so both workers and customers can see where their packages
are at any time.
Woven – Toyota's investment in the future of mobility — is
partnering with Google to leverage vast amounts of data and AI
to enable autonomous driving, supported by thousands of ML
workloads on Google Cloud’s AI Hypercomputer. This has
resulted in 50% total-cost-of-ownership savings to support
automated driving.
Business & Professional Services

6/13/25, 3:32 PMReal-world gen AI use cases from the world's leading organizations | Google Cloud Blog
Page 7 of 80https://cloud.google.com/transform/101-real-world-generative-ai-use-cases-from-industry-leaders
Customer Agents
*Accenture is transforming customer support at a major
retailer by o$ering convenient self-service options through
virtual assistants, enhancing the overall customer experience.
*Capgemini is using Google Cloud to build AI agents that help
optimize the ecommerce experience by helping retailers accept
customer orders through new revenue channels and accelerate
the order-to-cash process for digital stores.
*Deloi!e o$ers a “Care Finder” agent, built with Google
Cloud, as part of its Agent Fleet. The agent helps care seekers
!nd in-network providers — o'en in less than a minute —
signi!cantly faster than the average call time of !ve to eight
minutes.
Ferret.ai uses AI to o$er insights about the backgrounds of
people in a user's personal and professional network, providing
a curated relationship intelligence and monitoring solution for
its users — increasingly important services in a world of
growing reputational risks.
*Intuit, the makers of TurboTax, integrated Google Cloud’s
visual recognition pla(orm, Doc AI, and Gemini models into
Intuit’s proprietary GenOS. This will expand the capabilities of
Intuit’s “done-for-you” auto!ll of tax returns across the ten
most common U.S. tax forms (variations of the 1099 and 1040
forms), helping users save time and boosting accuracy.
*Stax AI, which aims to revolutionize retirement planning with
AI, uses MongoDB Atlas and Vertex AI to automate its manual
processes and transform massive volumes of trust accounting
data in minutes.
Sutherland, a leading digital transformation company, is
focused on bringing together human expertise and AI,
including boosting its client-facing teams by automatically
surfacing suggested responses and automating insights in real
time.
*Wagestream, a !nancial wellbeing pla(orm for employee
bene!ts, is using Gemini models to handle more than 80% of
its internal customer inquiries, including questions about

6/13/25, 3:32 PMReal-world gen AI use cases from the world's leading organizations | Google Cloud Blog
Page 8 of 80https://cloud.google.com/transform/101-real-world-generative-ai-use-cases-from-industry-leaders
payment dates, balances, and more.
*WealthAPI, the leading provider of wealth management
interfaces in Germany, uses Gemini and DataStax Astra DB to
deliver next-gen !nancial insights in real time to millions of
customers for personalized guidance at scale.
Employee Agents
Allegis Group, a global leader in talent solutions, partnered
with TEKsystems to implement AI models to streamline its
recruitment process, including automating tasks such as
updating candidate pro!les, generating job descriptions, and
analyzing recruiter-candidate interactions. The implementation
resulted in signi!cant improvements in recruiter e%ciency and
a reduction in technical debt.
*BCG uses Google Cloud to provide a sales optimization tool
that improves the e$ectiveness and impact of insurance
advisors.
Cintas is using Vertex AI Search to develop an internal
knowledge center for customer service and sales teams to
easily !nd key information.
*Beyond is a technology consultancy that guides their clients
through transformational journeys to unlock the potential of AI
and cloud-based technology. Google Workspace with Gemini
helps them reduce the time from project brief to project kicko$
from months to weeks, and the time for !rst dra's of RFI
responses from days to minutes.
Dun & Bradstreet, a business research and intelligence
service, built an email-generation tool with Gemini that helps
sellers create tailored, personalized communications to
prospects and customers for its research services. The
company also developed intelligent search capabilities to help
users with complex queries like, "Find me all the companies in
this area with a high ESG rating."
*Cognizant used Vertex AI and Gemini built an AI agent to help
legal teams dra' contracts, assign risk scores and make
recommendations for ways to optimize operational impact.

6/13/25, 3:32 PMReal-world gen AI use cases from the world's leading organizations | Google Cloud Blog
Page 9 of 80https://cloud.google.com/transform/101-real-world-generative-ai-use-cases-from-industry-leaders
*Equifax adopted Google Workspace, launching a strategic
change management campaign to ensure a smooth transition
across more than 20 countries in one weekend. Workspace’s
suite of Gemini-powered tools for communication,
collaboration, and productivity o$ered a comprehensive and
user-friendly solution that could be easily embraced by Equifax
employees at all levels.
*Finnt, part of the Google for Startups Cloud AI Accelerator,
provides AI automation solutions for corporate !nance teams,
helping to cut accounting procedures time by 90%, boost
accuracy, and unlock unique insights.
Flashpoint is improving e%ciency and productivity across its
workforce, using Google Workspace to communicate and
collaborate more e$ectively, maximize ROI, and increase
employee satisfaction, so they can dedicate more time to
keeping customers secure.
Fluna, a Brazilian digital services company, has automated the
analysis and dra'ing of legal agreements using Vertex AI,
Document AI, and Gemini 1.5 Pro, achieving an accuracy of
92% in data extraction while ensuring security and reliability for
sensitive information.
*FreshFields, a global law !rm, will roll out Gemini with Google
Workspace across its practice and will also create
groundbreaking AI products and bespoke AI agents to
transform processes in the highly regulated legal industry.
*Joe the Architect, a 25-person architecture !rm, catches up
on long email chains with Gemini in Gmail to keep track of
client needs across dozens of conversations.
*KPMG is building Google AI into their newly formed KPMG
Law !rm, as well as driving AI transformation within the
banking industry, and the company is also implementing
Agentspace to enhance its own workplace operations.
L+R, a design and technology agency, leverages Gemini for
Google Workspace Workspace to elevate performance and
precision, streamlining work&ows and empowering its team to
achieve more impac(ul results.
Monks used Google Gemini to help Hatch build a personalized
ad campaign. The campaign delivered an 80% improved click-
through rate, 46% more engaged site visitors, and a 31%

6/13/25, 3:32 PMReal-world gen AI use cases from the world's leading organizations | Google Cloud Blog
Page 10 of 80https://cloud.google.com/transform/101-real-world-generative-ai-use-cases-from-industry-leaders
improved cost-per-purchase over other campaigns. On top of
this, by using AI the team was able to deliver the campaign
much more e%ciently, reducing time to investment by 50% and
costs by 97%.
Own Your Brand founder Lauren Magenta uses Google
Workspace to run her business and Gemini for Google
Workspace is transforming how she manages enrollment.
Gemini helps her quickly dra' personalized emails to potential
clients in her own voice.
Randstad, a large HR services and talent provider, is using
Gemini for Workspace across its organization to transform its
work culture, leading to a more culturally diverse and inclusive
workplace that’s seen a double-digit reduction in sick days.
*Sulamérica adopted Google Workspace a decade ago to
make collaboration among employees more agile, intuitive, and
&uid. The insurance company recently started using Gemini in
Workspace, making it available to 1,250 employees to increase
operational e%ciency, security, and productivity.
*UKG, an HR and workforce management solutions provider,
enhances the workplace experience with UKG Bryte AI, a
trusted conversational agent built with Google Cloud that
enables HR administrators and people managers to request
information about company policies, business insights, and
more.
Creative Agents
Agoda is a digital travel pla(orm that helps travelers see the
world for less with its great value deals on a global network of
over 4.5M hotels and holiday properties worldwide, plus &ights,
activities, and more. They’re now testing Imagen and Veo on
Vertex AI to create visuals, allowing Agoda teams to generate
unique images of travel destinations which would then be used
to generate videos.
*Kra" Heinz is using Google’s media generation models,
Imagen and Veo, on Vertex AI, speeding up campaign creations
from eight weeks to eight hours.

6/13/25, 3:32 PMReal-world gen AI use cases from the world's leading organizations | Google Cloud Blog
Page 11 of 80https://cloud.google.com/transform/101-real-world-generative-ai-use-cases-from-industry-leaders
*Quom, a !nancial inclusion specialist in Mexico, has
developed AI-powered conversational agents that optimize and
personalize user and customer support.
*Salesrun, the world’s !rst dedicated sales activity suite, sees
Google Cloud gen AI as an alternative for analyzing information
related to purchasing habits, enabling the optimization of cash
&ow and boosting sales for its retail customers.
*Thoughtworks is a global technology consultancy that helps
businesses use technology to solve problems and innovate.
They use Google Workspace with Gemini to improve internal
and external communication across their company, including in
non-native languages — from emails to documents and blogs.
*Yazi turns to Google Workspace with Gemini to accelerate
marketing e$orts so they can launch products faster; their dev
teams also use it to write and deploy more code.
Code Agents
Capgemini has been using Code Assist to improve so'ware
engineering productivity, quality, security, and developer
experience, with early results showing workload gains for
coding and more stable code quality.
*Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) helps build persona-
based AI agents on Google Cloud, contextualized with
enterprise knowledge to accelerate so'ware development.
Data Agents
*The Colombian Security Council developed a generative AI-
based chatbot to improve data analysis and its chemical
emergency management processes, allowing for quick
responses to urgent situations.
*Contraktor developed a project to analyze contracts with AI.
As a result, the company achieved a reduction of up to 75% in

6/13/25, 3:32 PMReal-world gen AI use cases from the world's leading organizations | Google Cloud Blog
Page 12 of 80https://cloud.google.com/transform/101-real-world-generative-ai-use-cases-from-industry-leaders
the time taken to analyze and review a contract, with the
possibility of both reading and extracting relevant data from
the documents.
Gamuda Berhad, a Malaysian infrastructure and property
management company, has developed Bot Unify, a pla(orm
that democratizes generative AI to allow users access to
Gemini models and RAG frameworks to provide faster
information and insights during construction projects.
*Habi, a Colombian real estate company, has implemented AI
solutions to streamline and automate the management and
veri!cation of physical and digital documents. This improved
validation operations and increased the e%ciency and
adaptability of employees.
*HCLTech, an industry-leading global technology company,
launched HCLTech Insight — a manufacturing quality AI agent
that helps predict and eliminate di$erent types of defects on
manufacturing using Vertex AI, Google Cloud’s Cortex
Framework, and the Manufacturing Data Engine pla(orm.
IPRally built a custom machine-learning pla(orm that uses
natural language processing on the text of more than 120
million global patent documents, creating an accurate, easily
searchable database that adds more than 200,000 new
sources a week.
Ipsos built a data analysis tool for its teams of market
researchers, eliminating the need for time-consuming requests
to data analysts. The tool is powered by Gemini 1.5 Pro and
Flash models, as well as Grounding with Google Search, to
enhance real-world accuracy from contemporaneous search
information.
Juganu, a SaaS provider for smart cities and smart stores, is
working with Google Cloud to automate and digitize the
physical store. The company has begun developing digital
twins that give retailers virtual eyes in the store to help
automate routine tasks, improve e%ciency, and deliver be#er
customer experiences.
*Nowports is harnessing the power of AI to revolutionize
logistics and stand out from the competition. By analyzing key
operational information, they aim to accurately predict market
behavior, optimizing their entire supply chain.

6/13/25, 3:32 PMReal-world gen AI use cases from the world's leading organizations | Google Cloud Blog
Page 13 of 80https://cloud.google.com/transform/101-real-world-generative-ai-use-cases-from-industry-leaders
*Servicios Orienta, a Mexican personal wellness and
organizational e%ciency company, has adopted AI-based
solutions to analyze large volumes of data, interpret results,
and provide recommendations that enhance the customer
experience.
Workday is using natural language processing in Vertex AI
Search and Conversation to make data insights more
accessible for technical and non-technical users alike.
*Zenpli, a digital identity partner for other businesses,
leverages the multimodal capabilities of the models available in
Vertex AI to provide its clients with a radically enhanced
experience: a 90% faster onboarding process with contracts, a
50% reduction in costs thanks to AI-powered automation, and
superior data quality that ensures regulatory compliance.
Financial Services
Customer Agents
*Albo is revolutionizing customer service and !nancial
education in Mexico through AI. The neobank has managed to
optimize its processes to provide faster and more e%cient
responses, as well as o$ering educational tools to users with
limited access to traditional !nancial services.
*Apex Fintech Solutions is leveraging Google Cloud to power
seamless access, frictionless investing, and investor education
at scale. Using BigQuery, Looker, Google Kubernetes Engine,
Apex is enhancing accessibility to !nancial insights while laying
the groundwork for AI-driven innovation.
*Banco Covalto in Mexico is transforming its operations with
gen AI to streamline processes and enhance customer
experience, reducing credit approval response times by more
than 90%.
*Bud Financial uses its Financial LLM, powered by Gemini
models, to provide personalized answers to customer queries
and automate banking tasks, such as moving money between

6/13/25, 3:32 PMReal-world gen AI use cases from the world's leading organizations | Google Cloud Blog
Page 14 of 80https://cloud.google.com/transform/101-real-world-generative-ai-use-cases-from-industry-leaders
accounts to avoid overdra's.
*Contabilizei is improving customer service in Brazilian
!nancial services with “The Concierge,” its AI solution powered
by Vertex AI. Using tools like Vertex AI Search and Model
Garden, the pla(orm delivers fast, personalized responses.
*Discover Financial has created the Discover Virtual Assistant,
powered by generative AI, that can assist customers directly
and provide additional information to Discover service agents,
delivering smoother, more e%cient, and more satisfying
interactions to customers around the world — in whatever
channel they prefer.
*Figure, a !ntech o$ering home equity lines of credit,
leverages Gemini’s multimodal models to create AI-powered
chatbots that help streamline, simplify, and accelerate lending
experiences for both consumers and employees.
Fundwell helps businesses secure the funding they need to
grow with speed and con!dence. Utilizing Google Cloud,
Fundwell simpli!es the customer journey by analyzing !nancial
health with AI to match businesses with their ideal funding
solution.
ING Bank aims to o$er a superior customer experience and
has developed a gen AI chatbot for workers to enhance self-
service capabilities and improve answer quality on customer
queries.
*Safe Rate, a digital mortgage lender, is using Gemini models
to create an AI mortgage agent that includes gen AI chat
features like “Beat this Rate” and “Re!nance Me;” these help
borrowers quickly compare di$erent rates and get personalized
quotes in under 30 seconds.
Scotiabank is using Gemini and Vertex AI to create a more
personal and predictive banking experience for its clients,
including powering its award winning chatbot, which continues
to elevate the bank's digital o$erings and highlights the value
of AI technology to enhance the digital client experience.
*SEB, a Nordic corporate bank, has support from Bain &
Company to develop an AI agent for the wealth management
division. The agent, built with Google Cloud, enhances end-
customer conversations with suggested responses and
generates call summaries, helping to increase e%ciency by

6/13/25, 3:32 PMReal-world gen AI use cases from the world's leading organizations | Google Cloud Blog
Page 15 of 80https://cloud.google.com/transform/101-real-world-generative-ai-use-cases-from-industry-leaders
15%.
*United Wholesale Mortgage is transforming the mortgage
experience with Vertex AI, Gemini, and BigQuery, already more
than doubling underwriter productivity in just nine months,
resulting in shorter loan close times for 50,000 brokers and
their clients.
*Wayfair automates its product catalog enrichment and now
updates product a#ributes 5x faster, achieving signi!cant
operational cost savings.
Employee Agents
*ATB Financial, a leading !nancial institution in Alberta,
Canada, has successfully deployed Google Workspace with
Gemini to its more than 5,000 team members, allowing them to
automate routine tasks, access information quickly, and
collaborate more e$ectively, all while ensuring data is secure
and trustworthy.
*Banco BV implemented Agentspace, enabling its employees
to use gen AI technologies for research, assistance, and
operations across several of its critical systems, in a secure
and compliant manner.
*Banco Rendimento, a currency exchange market, is using
Vertex AI and other solutions to create a service that enables
sending international transfers through WhatsApp, delivering
24/7 service without requiring a representative to complete the
transaction.
Banestes, a Brazilian bank, used Gemini in Google Workspace
to streamline work dynamics, such as accelerating credit
analysis by simplifying balance sheet reviews and boosting
productivity in marketing and legal departments.
Bank of New York Mellon built a virtual assistant to help
employees !nd relevant information and answers to their
questions.
Citi uses Vertex AI to deliver gen AI capabilities across the
company, fueling generative AI initiatives related to developer
toolkits, document processing, and digitization capabilities to

6/13/25, 3:32 PMReal-world gen AI use cases from the world's leading organizations | Google Cloud Blog
Page 16 of 80https://cloud.google.com/transform/101-real-world-generative-ai-use-cases-from-industry-leaders
empower customer servicing teams.
*Cotality is using Gemini to provide data-driven insights for
more than 1.5 milliopn property professionals across the entire
real estate management ecosystem. Cotality (formerly known
as CoreLogic) has incorporated AI features and automations
into its industry solutions such as MLSTouch for real estate
agents, TOTAL for Mobile for the home appraiser, and the
newly launched Araya, its property data and insights pla(orm.
It's also using Gemini and Vertex AI to bring operational
e%ciency to the company's internal operations.
Commerzbank, a leading German bank, implemented an AI
agent powered by Gemini 1.5 Pro to automate the
documentation of client calls, freeing up its !nancial advisors
from tedious manual processes; a signi!cant reduction in
processing time allowed advisors to focus on higher-value
activities like building client relationships and providing
personalized advice.
*DBS, a leading Asian !nancial services group, is reducing
customer call handling times by 20% with Customer
Engagement Suite.
*Deutsche Bank has created DB Lumina, an AI-powered
research tool that accelerates the time it takes !nancial
analysts to create research reports and notes. Work that used
to take hours or even days can now be completed in a ma#er
of minutes, all while maintaining data privacy requirements for
the highly regulated !nancial sector.
Discover Financial helps its 10,000 contact center
representatives to search and synthesize information across
detailed policies and procedures during calls.
FinQuery, a !ntech company, is using Gemini for Google
Workspace as a valuable productivity and collaboration tool to
help in brainstorming sessions, dra' emails 20% faster,
manage complex cross-organizational project plans, and aid
engineering teams with debugging code and evaluating new
monitoring tools.
Five Sigma created an AI engine which frees up human claims
handlers to focus on areas where a human touch is valuable,
like complex decision-making and empathic customer service.
This has led to an 80% reduction in errors, a 25% increase in
adjustor’s productivity, and a 10% reduction in claims cycle

6/13/25, 3:32 PMReal-world gen AI use cases from the world's leading organizations | Google Cloud Blog
Page 17 of 80https://cloud.google.com/transform/101-real-world-generative-ai-use-cases-from-industry-leaders
processing time.
*Generali utilizes Vertex AI and Google Cloud solutions to
enable salespeople to access policy information instantly
through natural language queries.
HDFC ERGO, India's leading non-life insurance company, built
a pair of insurance "superapps" for the Indian market. On the
1Up app, the insurer leverages Vertex AI to give insurance
agents context-sensitive "nudges" through di$erent scenarios
to facilitate the customer onboarding experience.
HDFC ERGO also runs advanced data insight from BigQuery
through Vertex AI to drive highly personalized o$erings for
consumers in speci!c geographical locations.
Hiscox used BigQuery and Vertex AI to create the !rst AI-
enhanced lead underwriting model for insurers, automating
and accelerating the quoting for complex risks from three days
down to a few minutes.
Loadsure utilizes Google Cloud's Document AI and Gemini AI
to automate insurance claims processing, extracting data from
various documents and classifying them with high accuracy.
This has led to faster processing times, increased accuracy,
and improved customer satisfaction by se#ling claims in near
real-time.
*Multimodal, part of the Google for Startups Cloud AI
Accelerator, automates complex !nancial services work&ows
with multimodal AI agents that can process documents, query
databases, power chatbots, make decisions, and generate
reports.
OSTTRA chose Google Workspace to boost teamwork, and
Gemini is now helping automate tasks like writing proposals
and generating interview questions, using features like “Help
me write” to save employees time and increase productivity.
*Pinnacol Assurance, Colorado’s largest worker’s
compensation carrier, leans on Gemini to accelerate repetitive
tasks, such as creating questions for client interviews and
digging deeper into insurance claims, with 96% of surveyed
employees reporting time savings
ROSHN Group, one of Saudi Arabia’s leading property
developers has built RoshnAI, an internal assistant that
leverages a combination of AI model that include Gemini 1.5

6/13/25, 3:32 PMReal-world gen AI use cases from the world's leading organizations | Google Cloud Blog
Page 18 of 80https://cloud.google.com/transform/101-real-world-generative-ai-use-cases-from-industry-leaders
Pro and Flash to generate valuable insights from ROSHN's
internal data sources for its employees.
Symphony, the communications pla(orm for the !nancial
services industry, uses Vertex AI to help !nance and trading
teams collaborate across multiple asset classes.
Tributei was founded in 2019 to simplify the complex tax
assessment processes for Brazil’s state VAT. ML resources help
Tributei simplify not only tax assessments but also tax
management tasks, with performance improved by 400%. This
initiative has already helped 19,000 companies automate and
audit VAT-related transactions, spo#ing more than BRL 15
million in tax overcharges.
The Trumble Insurance Agency is using Gemini for Google
Workspace to signi!cantly improve its creativity and the value
that it delivers to its clients with enhanced e%ciency,
productivity, and creativity.
*wealth.com built a pla(orm that simpli!es estate planning
while equipping !nancial advisors with powerful tools to
visualize and manage complex plans. Its new AI-powered Ester
chat agent helps accurately and securely extract information
from complex and lengthy planning documents, like trusts and
wills.
Code Agents
*CME Group, which operates the Chicago Mercantile
Exchange, says most developers using Gemini Code Assist
report a productivity gain of at least 10.5 hours a month.
Commerzbank is enhancing developer e%ciency through
Code Assist's robust security and compliance features.
Regnology, a provider of regulatory reporting services, built its
Ticket-to-Code Writer tool with Gemini 1.5 Pro to automate the
conversion of bug tickets into actionable code, signi!cantly
streamlining the so'ware development process.
ROSHN Group is using Gemini Code Assist and Cloud Assist to
increase the productivity of its engineers who are working on
its unique real estate shopping website and app; shortly a'er

6/13/25, 3:32 PMReal-world gen AI use cases from the world's leading organizations | Google Cloud Blog
Page 19 of 80https://cloud.google.com/transform/101-real-world-generative-ai-use-cases-from-industry-leaders
launch, the organization was able to register 45,000 new users
and conduct 9,400 completed purchases digitally.
Data Agents
*CERC, Brazil’s !rst and largest cloud-native !nancial market
infrastructure, built its IT on Google Cloud from the outset,
allowing CERC to be more agile, &exible, and secure. CERC now
processes 100,000 transactions per second with its
infrastructure on Google Cloud.
*Ci Banco leverages Google Cloud technologies across more
than 50 projects, including a document management system
powered by Vertex AI. This system has optimized the document
review process for their trust authorization procedures,
reducing the time from one week to less than two hours.
*Citadel Securities, a top !nancial institution, is now able to
facilitate market data modeling and training, with a 20% price
and performance improvement using Google Cloud TPUs.
CME Group is building a !rst-of-its-kind cloud-based
commodities trading pla(orm with AI tools built-in, o$ering
CME’s trading customers access to deeper insights and
smarter trades as well as rapid experimentation on new trading
strategies that won’t interrupt existing trade &ows.
Digits developing next-gen accounting so'ware for startups
and small businesses. Using AI-driven bookkeeping, expense
management, and !nancial analysis, Digits enables business
owners to achieve !nancial clarity and focus on growth.
*Dojo is enabling millions of secure, reliable, and ultra-fast
payment experiences daily, empowering businesses to serve
more customers. Dojo is leveraging Google Cloud gen AI
services like Looker and Gemini models to explore innovative
use cases that o$er more intuitive, natural ways to engage with
payment data.
Generali Italia, Italy's largest insurance provider, used Vertex
AI to build a model evaluation pipeline that helps ML teams
quickly evaluate performance and deploy models.
*Hiperstream is using Gemini to analyze speci!c information

6/13/25, 3:32 PMReal-world gen AI use cases from the world's leading organizations | Google Cloud Blog
Page 20 of 80https://cloud.google.com/transform/101-real-world-generative-ai-use-cases-from-industry-leaders
and automatically categorize it, resulting in a 200% increase in
the performance of data &ows and communications for its
!nancial and B2B customers.
Intesa Sanpaolo built its Democratic Data Lab using data
analytics and AI to enable its risk management team to keep up
with the rapid changes and complexity of modern !nancial
markets. By democratizing access to data, the Democratic
Data Lab is empowering other departments across the bank to
have more oversight and control of risks.
*Kredito, a Chilean !ntech pioneer in online lending, created
an AI-based risk assessment model that improved the
prediction of payment behaviors and helped clients access
working capital more quickly.
Macquarie in Australia has been using predictive AI to clean
and unify 100% of its data, so teams can then draw insights
using gen AI tools in Vertex AI, removing roadblocks and
reducing the noise to drive be#er results for employees and
customers.
MSCI, a leading publisher of market indices and data, uses
machine learning with Vertex AI, BigQuery, and Cloud Run to
enrich its datasets to help clients gain insights into around 1
million asset locations to help manage climate-related risks.
Snowdrop leverages Google Cloud's AI and geospatial data,
including Google Places and Vertex AI, to enrich transactional
data for !nancial institutions. This automation has led to a 40%
improvement in data accuracy, a 15% increase in merchant-to-
transaction matching, and the ability to process over 2.1 billion
transactions monthly while scaling globally.
SURA Investments, the largest asset manager in Latin America,
developed an AI-based analysis model for employees that
allows them to be#er understand customer needs and improve
customer experience and satisfaction.
Syte's AI-driven property pla(orm allows the retrieval of all
relevant characteristic data on properties and its development,
expansion, and conversion potential in real-time, making it easy
to identify sites and buildings for re-densi!cation.

6/13/25, 3:32 PMReal-world gen AI use cases from the world's leading organizations | Google Cloud Blog
Page 21 of 80https://cloud.google.com/transform/101-real-world-generative-ai-use-cases-from-industry-leaders
Security Agents
*Airwallex, an Australian multinational !ntech company,
detects and manages fraud in real time in a scalable, always-
available environment, powered by Vertex AI, Google
Kubernetes Engine, and GitLab.
Apex Fintech Services is using Gemini in Security to
accelerate the writing of complex threat detections from hours
to a ma#er of seconds.
BBVA uses AI in Google SecOps to detect, investigate, and
respond to security threats with more accuracy, speed, and
scale. The pla(orm now surfaces critical security data in
seconds, when it previously took minutes or even hours, and
delivers highly automated responses.
*Bradesco, one of the largest !nancial institutions in Latin
America, has been using Google Cloud AI to detect suspicious
activity and combat money laundering more e$ectively and
e%ciently — and was one of the early adopters worldwide of
Google Cloud’s Anti Money Laundering AI.
Charles Schwab has integrated its own intelligence into the
AI-powered Google SecOps, so analysts can be#er prioritize
work and respond to threats.
*Cloudwalk, a Brazilian !ntech unicorn that currently serves
more than one million customers with payment solutions, uses
Google Cloud infrastructure and AI services to build anti-fraud
and credit analysis models. This allowed the !ntech to close
2023 with a pro!t of $22.3 million, showing 200% growth in its
commercial base.
Credem, a 114-year-old Italian !nancial institution, uses AI to
enhance security for online users, o$er products tailored to
customer needs, and predict so'ware malfunctions, achieving
signi!cant results in a short time.
*Dun & Bradstreet is using Security Command Center to
centralize monitoring of AI security threats alongside their
other cloud security !ndings.
Fiserv, a developer of !nancial services technology, can now
summarize threats, !nd answers, and detect, validate, and
respond to security events faster with the Gemini in Security

6/13/25, 3:32 PMReal-world gen AI use cases from the world's leading organizations | Google Cloud Blog
Page 22 of 80https://cloud.google.com/transform/101-real-world-generative-ai-use-cases-from-industry-leaders
Operations pla(orm.
*Resistant AI is building AI-powered solutions to combat fraud
in !nancial services documentation and work&ows with the
help of Google Cloud. These solutions can expedite
background checks, reduce fraud losses, and speed up
underwriting and claims processing processes.
Healthcare & Life Sciences
Customer Agents
Bennie Health uses Vertex AI to power its innovative employee
health bene!ts pla(orm, providing actionable insights and
streamlining data management in order to enhance e%ciency
and decision-making for employees and HR teams.
*Clivi, a Mexican health startup, has created a gen AI pla(orm
with Google Cloud that enables personalized and continuous
monitoring of its patients to o$er tailored responses, improve
the volume and capacity of care, and reduce complications.
*Family Vision Care of Ponca City uses Gemini in Gmail to
easily explain medical terms in patient emails and to improve
accessibility.
Freenome is creating diagnostic tests that will help detect life-
threatening diseases like cancer in the earliest, most-treatable
stages — combining the latest in science and AI with the ease
of a standard blood draw.
Genial Care, a Latin American healthcare network, is a
reference in innovative care for children with Autism Spectrum
Disorder and their families. By investing in Vertex AI, the
company has improved the quality of records of sessions
involving atypical children and their families, allowing
caregivers to fully monitor the work carried out.
Orby is combining AI and neurotechnology, applying complex
mathematical models, Google Cloud’s IT resources, and Gemini
to create a “digital brain.” This solution supports patients’
rehabilitation, helping them to recover lost motor skills and

6/13/25, 3:32 PMReal-world gen AI use cases from the world's leading organizations | Google Cloud Blog
Page 23 of 80https://cloud.google.com/transform/101-real-world-generative-ai-use-cases-from-industry-leaders
reduce their pain.
Employee Agents
American Addiction Centers was able to reduce employee
onboarding from three days to 12 hours using Gemini for
Google Workspace, and is now exploring how to streamline
tasks like generating safety checklists for medical sta$, saving
valuable time and improving patient care.
*Asepha, part of the Google for Startups Cloud AI Accelerator,
is building fully autonomous AI pharmacists to help automate
manual work.
Bayer is building a radiology pla(orm that will assist
radiologists with data analysis, intelligent search, and
document creation that meet healthcare requirements needed
for regulatory approval.
BenchSci develops generative AI solutions empowering
scientists to understand complex connections in biological
research, saving them time and !nancial resources and
ultimately bringing new medicine to patients faster.
*Be!er Habits uses Google Workspace with Gemini to reduce
the time spent developing communication plans, allowing them
to focus on delivering high-quality wellness workshops.
Certify OS is automating credentialing, licensing, and
monitoring of medical providers for healthcare networks,
relieving the burden of time-consuming and o'en siloed
information.
Click Therapeutics develops prescription digital therapeutics
designed to treat disease. Its Clinical Operations team
leverages Gemini for Google Workspace to transform complex
operations data into actionable insights so they can quickly
pinpoint ways to streamline the patient experience in clinical
trials.
Mark Cuban’s Cost Plus Drugs widely uses Gemini for Google
Workspace, estimating that employees are saving an average
!ve hours per week just with AI capabilities in Gmail. Gemini is
also streamlining time-consuming, manual processes through

6/13/25, 3:32 PMReal-world gen AI use cases from the world's leading organizations | Google Cloud Blog
Page 24 of 80https://cloud.google.com/transform/101-real-world-generative-ai-use-cases-from-industry-leaders
uses like AI-generated transcriptions and auto-forma#ing of
pharmaceutical lab results or FDA compliance documentation.
Covered California, the state’s healthcare marketplace, is
using Document AI to help improve the consumer and
employee experience by automating parts of the
documentation and veri!cation process when residents apply
for coverage.
Cradle, a biotech startup, is using Google Cloud's generative
AI technology to design proteins for drug discovery, food
production, and chemical manufacturing. By leveraging TPUs
and Google's security infrastructure, the company accelerates
R&D processes for pharmaceutical and chemical companies
while protecting sensitive intellectual property.
CytoReason uses AI to create computational disease models
that map human diseases, tissue by tissue and cell by cell, to
help pharma companies shorten clinical trials and reduce the
high costs of drug development. CytoReason has been able to
reduce query time from two minutes to 10 seconds.
Dasa, the largest medical diagnostics company in Brazil, is
helping physicians detect relevant !ndings in test results more
quickly.
DaVita is developing dozens of AI models to transform kidney
care, including analyzing medical records, uncovering critical
patient insights, and reducing errors. AI enables physicians to
focus on personalized care, resulting in signi!cant
improvements in healthcare delivery.
Hackensack Meridian Health has developed a clinical
decision-making tool that analyzes large patient data sets to
identify pa#erns and trends. These insights can be used to
help providers make be#er decisions about patient care.
HCA Healthcare is testing Cati, a virtual AI caregiver assistant
that helps to ensure continuity of care when one caregiver shi'
ends and another begins. The healthcare network operator is
also using gen AI to improve work&ows on time-consuming
tasks, such as clinical documentation, so physicians and nurses
can focus more on patient care.
Hemominas, Brazil's largest blood bank, partnered with
Xertica to develop an omnichannel chatbot for donor search
and scheduling, streamlining processes and enhancing

6/13/25, 3:32 PMReal-world gen AI use cases from the world's leading organizations | Google Cloud Blog
Page 25 of 80https://cloud.google.com/transform/101-real-world-generative-ai-use-cases-from-industry-leaders
e%ciency. The AI solution has the potential to save half-a-
million lives annually by a#racting more donors and optimizing
blood supply management.
Highmark Health is building an intelligence system equipped
with AI to deliver valuable analytics and insights to healthcare
workers, patients, and members, powered by Google Cloud’s
Healthcare Data Engine.
*PwC uses AI agent technology, powered by Google Cloud, to
help oncology clinics to streamline administrative work so that
doctors can be#er optimize the time they spend with patients.
Sami Saúde uses Gemini for Google Workspace to automate
repetitive tasks, empowering care providers and accelerating
access to care. This has resulted in a 13% increase in
productivity, 100% of patient summaries being generated by
AI, and more accurate diagnoses for improved patient
outcomes.
*Sea!le Children's Hospital is pioneering a new approach to
clinical care with its Pathway Assistance solution, which makes
thousands of pages of clinical guidelines instantly searchable
by pediatricians.
*Straloo uses Gemini to innovate the diagnostic approach in
its digital rehabilitation pla(orm, helping doctors and physical
therapists prescribe appropriate treatments for those su$ering
from knee and back pain.
*Ubie, a healthcare-focused startup founded in Japan, is using
Gemini models — !ne-tuned on Vertex AI — to power its AI-
powered physician assistance tools.
*Ufonia helps physicians deliver care by using Google Cloud’s
full AI stack alongside its own clinical evidence to automate
routine clinical consultations with patients, transforming the
experience for both patients and clinicians.
WellSky is integrating Google Cloud's healthcare and Vertex AI
capabilities to reduce the time spent completing
documentation outside work hours.
*Wipro is supporting a national healthcare provider in using
Google Cloud’s AI agent technology to develop and adjust
contracts, helping to optimize and accelerate a historically
complex and time-consuming task while improving accuracy.

6/13/25, 3:32 PMReal-world gen AI use cases from the world's leading organizations | Google Cloud Blog
Page 26 of 80https://cloud.google.com/transform/101-real-world-generative-ai-use-cases-from-industry-leaders
Data Agents
*Amigo Tech launched Amigo Intelligence, a pla(orm based
on Google AI technologies that automates medical processes,
reduces costs, and improves the e%ciency of clinics and
practices. The solution includes tools like anamnesis
automation, advanced exam analysis, and a medical AI chatbot,
transforming healthcare management.
Apollo Hospitals in India partnered with Google Health to
build screening models for tuberculosis and breast cancer,
helping an extremely limited population of radiologists cover
more patients at risk, scaling to 3 million screenings in a ma#er
of years.
ARC Innovation at Sheba Medical Center is using Google
Cloud's AI tools, including Looker Studio and BigQuery ML, to
create healthcare solutions that improve critical clinical
decisions during the treatment of ovarian cancer.
Auransa, an emerging clinical-stage biopharma company, has
created a proprietary AI pla(orm to derive a di$erentiated
pipeline of novel drugs.
*Autoscience, a startup building AI agents to aid in scienti!c
research, is using Google Cloud infrastructure and resources
through the Google for Startups Cloud Program as it begins to
build and market its products.
*Bayer built a data agent that uses gen AI in BigQuery to
predict &u outbreaks. It combines Google Search trends and
internal data for real-time, location-speci!c healthcare
planning.
Bayer and Google also announced a collaboration to drive early
drug discovery that will apply AI-specialized Tensor Processing
Units (TPUs) to help accelerate and scale Bayer’s quantum
chemistry calculations.
*Beep Saúde, the largest home health company in Brazil,
implemented an AI-powered last-mile dynamic routing system
with Google Maps to optimize its operations and manage a
10% cancellation volume. The company also uses AI to speed
up the processing of medical orders, aiming to reduce costs

6/13/25, 3:32 PMReal-world gen AI use cases from the world's leading organizations | Google Cloud Blog
Page 27 of 80https://cloud.google.com/transform/101-real-world-generative-ai-use-cases-from-industry-leaders
and increase e%ciency to boost its expansion plans in Brazil.
*Bliss Health is transforming the insurance market with a
digital channel for brokers, integrated with Google Cloud and
technologies like Dialog&ow and Gemini Pro. The solution has
reduced its service-level agreement from four hours to
seconds in transactional queries, improved operational
e%ciency, and eliminated bureaucracy, helping to speed up
business closure.
*CerebraAI, part of the Google for Startups Cloud AI
Accelerator, is developing AI solutions that are essential in
emergency medicine, including a gen AI tool for rapid stroke
detection in non-contrast CT scans.
*Chopo/Grupo Proa, a Mexican medical diagnostics company,
leverages generative AI to integrate patient and physician data,
obtaining a complete view that optimizes decision-making. This
initiative has enabled a considerable reduction in acquisition
costs and an increase in sales.
Elanco, a leader in animal health, has implemented a gen AI
framework supporting critical business processes, such as
Pharmacovigilance, Customer Orders, and Clinical Insights. The
framework, powered by Vertex AI and Gemini, has resulted in
an estimated ROI of $1.9 million since launching last year.
Fairtility is using Google Cloud's AI capabilities to enhance IVF
outcomes worldwide. By leveraging AI and machine learning
within Google Cloud, Fairtility analyzes embryo images and
related data to identify embryos with the highest potential for
successful implantation, increasing the likelihood of pregnancy
for patients undergoing IVF.
Ginkgo Bioworks is building a next-generation AI pla(orm for
biological engineering and biosecurity, including pioneering
new AI models for biological engineering applications that are
powered by Vertex AI.
Mayo Clinic has given thousands of its scienti!c researchers
access to 50 petabytes worth of clinical data through Vertex AI
Search, accelerating information retrieval across multiple
languages.
Mendel has built a clinical AI system designed to consolidate
the longstanding silos in medical data into a knowledge base of
holistic patient journeys, boosting patient recruitment for new

6/13/25, 3:32 PMReal-world gen AI use cases from the world's leading organizations | Google Cloud Blog
Page 28 of 80https://cloud.google.com/transform/101-real-world-generative-ai-use-cases-from-industry-leaders
therapies and clinical trials.
*The National Institutes of Health (NIH), the U.S.
government’s healthcare and research agency, uses Google
Cloud as part of STRIDES, the Science and Technology
Research Infrastructure for Discovery, Experimentation, and
Sustainability. The initiative provides easy access to high-value
NIH datasets and a wide range of Google Cloud services,
including compute resources, data storage and analytics, and
cu#ing-edge AI and ML capabilities to accelerate biomedical
research.
*Neomed, a Brazilian healthcare startup, works in the
diagnosis of cardiovascular diseases, assisting clinics and
hospitals in the management of data and reports of graphical
exams. Its AI-based solution reduces the time for
electrocardiogram reports to around two minutes.
Nextnet uses Gemini and Vertex AI to uncover novel insights
and knowledge for life sciences and pharmaceutical research,
enabling researchers to analyze biomedical data and identify
hidden relationships in scienti!c literature.
Ordaōs, an AI-driven drug discovery leader, relies on its cloud
computing capabilities to design, process, and analyze data for
millions of protein structures, notably using Google Kubernetes
Engine to achieve increased &exibility and easier scalability to
take on new, larger AI projects.
*Probrain o$ers personalized auditory stimulation training. By
implementing cloud-based gen AI solutions, it’s modernized
services and reduced costs by approximately 89%. For the end
consumer, this also resulted in savings of almost 50%.
*Red Interclinica, the Chilean hospital network, uses AI to
make be#er decisions through data transformed into insights,
as well as making medical care more accessible for its patients,
while also reducing costs and generating more value for the
organization.
*Schrödinger uses Cloud GPUs to power AI models working on
advanced drug discovery.
Superluminal Medicines uses Google Cloud's computing
power to analyze multiple protein structures and integrate
them into dynamic protein models for drug discovery, allowing
for a more accurate representation of protein behavior and the

6/13/25, 3:32 PMReal-world gen AI use cases from the world's leading organizations | Google Cloud Blog
Page 29 of 80https://cloud.google.com/transform/101-real-world-generative-ai-use-cases-from-industry-leaders
design of more precise drug interventions.
Security Agents
apree health uses Google Workspace to implement a Zero
Trust security solution with granular access controls and
device management, centralizing its data access and
protecting sensitive patient data while quickly migrating nearly
1,000 users from its previous collaboration solution.
P#zer can now aggregate cybersecurity data sources, cu#ing
analysis times from days to seconds.
Hospitality & Travel
Customer Agents
Alaska Airlines is developing natural language search,
providing travelers with a conversational experience powered
by AI that’s akin to interacting with a knowledgeable travel
agent. This chatbot aims to streamline travel booking, enhance
customer experience, and reinforce brand identity.
*Gymshark, a leading UK !tness community and gymwear
brand, is using BigQuery, Looker, Data&ow, and Vertex AI to
build a uni!ed data pla(orm that enhances customer insights
and delivers personalized !tness experiences at scale.’
HomeToGo, a vacation-rental app, created AI Sunny, a new AI-
powered travel assistant that supports guests while booking,
and has plans to build it into Super AI Sunny, an end-to-end
smart travel companion.
Hotelplan Suisse built a chatbot trained on the business’s
travel expertise to answer customer inquiries in real-time, and,
following that success, it plans to use gen AI to create travel
content.

6/13/25, 3:32 PMReal-world gen AI use cases from the world's leading organizations | Google Cloud Blog
Page 30 of 80https://cloud.google.com/transform/101-real-world-generative-ai-use-cases-from-industry-leaders
IHG Hotels & Resorts is building a gen AI-powered chatbot to
help guests easily plan their next vacation directly in the IHG
One Rewards mobile app.
Mustard uses proprietary computer vision and AI technology
to unlock exceptional, personalized coaching experiences for
every golfer and baseball pitcher who wants to level up, all with
the ease of a straigh(orward mobile app.
Mysti$y is a Singapore-based travel tech company that has
developed Mystic, a chatbot built on Google Cloud's
conversational and generative AI pla(orms; it o$ers users self-
serve options that reduce the need for direct agent support,
improving e%ciency and customer satisfaction.
*The Papa John’s pizza chain is using BigQuery, Vertex AI, and
Gemini models to build predictive tools that can be#er
anticipate customers orders in the app, as well as an enhanced
loyalty program and more personalized marketing o$ers. There
are also plans to build an AI-powered chatbot to help handle
orders.
Priceline’s Trip Intelligence suite features one of the travel
industry’s most comprehensive array of AI tools, including more
than 30 new features to dramatically streamline the travel
planning and booking process.
Sabre Travel AI has developed an AI agent that personalizes
o$ers, optimizes revenue management, and streamlines
operations for travel companies; this has led to improved
customer experiences and increased revenue while fostering
growth for Sabre's partners.
Six Flags theme parks has built an industry-!rst digital
assistant who can answer guests’ questions and help them
plan their whole day. Six Flags will also apply Google Cloud's
capabilities in AI, analytics, and infrastructure to o$er improved
operations, personalization, and customer experiences across
Six Flags' diverse por(olio of parks.
*Studiosus Reisen, a German travel company, worked with
happtiq and Solid Cloud to migrate its 40-year old on-
premise system and SAP workloads to Google Cloud to enable
real-time reservations, increasing its conversion rates by 40%.
Technogym leverages Vertex AI and Model Garden to power
Technogym Coach, an AI-driven virtual trainer that creates

6/13/25, 3:32 PMReal-world gen AI use cases from the world's leading organizations | Google Cloud Blog
Page 31 of 80https://cloud.google.com/transform/101-real-world-generative-ai-use-cases-from-industry-leaders
hyper-personalized !tness programs. This increased user
engagement and motivation, improved !tness outcomes, and
delivered a more personalized and e$ective training
experience.
trivago’s new “Smart AI Search” is an advanced free-text
search functionality, powered by Vertex AI Search, that allows
users to search for hotels using natural language, making it
easier and more personalized to !nd the ideal
accommodations.
Employee Agents
A!ache leverages Gemini for Google Workspace to streamline
various tasks, such as analyzing historical data, which helped
achieve an 80% reduction in calls from new arrivals, leading to
happier customers and smoother stays.
*loveholidays saved 20% of their customer service cost per
year a'er deploying Customer Engagement Suite.
*Sweets and Meats BBQ !nds local events for its food trucks
with help from Gemini in Sheets, easily generating a weekly
schedule in seconds.
Creative Agents
Curb Free with Cory Lee, a popular "wheelchair travel site,"
shares accessible travel guides, and brainstorms new content
ideas with Gemini in Docs to keep giving readers fresh and
valuable info.
*Japan Airlines partnered with Pencil, a generative AI
pla(orm, to create new tourism spots that will broadcast in-
&ight and via YouTube Ads; JAL has been working with Jelly!sh
and Pencil, both owned by the Brandtech Group, to experiment
with AI video using Google’s Veo 2.
Radisson Hotel Group personalized its advertising at scale, in

6/13/25, 3:32 PMReal-world gen AI use cases from the world's leading organizations | Google Cloud Blog
Page 32 of 80https://cloud.google.com/transform/101-real-world-generative-ai-use-cases-from-industry-leaders
collaboration with Accenture, using Vertex AI and Gemini
models. By training them on extensive datasets stored in
BigQuery, its ad teams saw productivity rise around 50% while
revenue increased from AI-powered campaigns by more than
20%.
*Three Fold Noodles + Dumpling dra's social media posts
with Gemini in Docs to stay active online without compromising
on quality time in the kitchen.
Data Agents
*BrushBuck Wildlife Tours tracks seasonal animal movements
with help from Gemini in Sheets so every visitor has a chance
to marvel at Wyoming's wildlife.
*Fitz's Bo!ling Company has been selling root beer since
1947 and now uses Gemini in Sheets to quickly pull together
and format inventory information, helping them continue the
success of the world's !rst root beer microbrewery.
*Hog Island Oyster simpli!es sales analysis with Gemini in
Sheets, creating reports on oyster sales by type, size, and
quantity with a single prompt.
*Latam Airlines is leveraging Google Cloud AI to automate
data management and governance, enhancing customer
experience. By using generative AI, the airline optimized
processes like table classi!cation and metadata management,
resulting in reduced time and costs.
*Studiosus Reisen worked with happtiq to use Vertex AI to
build a custom AI model to automatically classify and !lter
security alerts, reducing the manual e$ort to active security
concerns for travelers by 75%
Manufacturing, Industrial & Electronics

6/13/25, 3:32 PMReal-world gen AI use cases from the world's leading organizations | Google Cloud Blog
Page 33 of 80https://cloud.google.com/transform/101-real-world-generative-ai-use-cases-from-industry-leaders
Customer Agents
Motorola’s Moto AI leverages Gemini and Imagen to help
smartphone users unlock new levels of productivity, creativity,
and enjoyment with features such as conversation summaries,
noti!cation digests, image creation, and natural language
search — all with reliable responses grounded in Google
Search.
Oppo/OnePlus is incorporating Gemini models and Google
Cloud AI into its phones to deliver innovative customer
experiences, including news and audio recording summaries, AI
toolbox, and more.
Samsung is deploying Gemini Pro and Imagen 2 to its Galaxy
S24 smartphones so users can take advantage of amazing
features like text summarization, organization, and magical
image editing.
*Samsung is using Google’s generative AI technology for Ballie
— its exciting new home companion robot. Ballie will be able to
engage in natural, conversational interactions to help users
manage home environments, including adjusting lighting,
greeting people at the door, personalizing schedules, se#ing
reminders, and more.
Sco!sMiracle-Gro built an AI agent on Vertex AI to provide
tailored gardening advice and product recommendations for
consumers.
Employee Agents
AES, a global energy company, uses gen AI agents built with
Vertex AI and Anthropic’s Claude models to automate and
streamline its energy safety audits. This has resulted in a 99%
reduction in audit costs, a time reduction from 14 days to one
hour, and an increase of 10-20% in accuracy.
*Copel, a major Brazilian electric utility company, has
developed an AI agent with Gemini Pro 1.5 that interacts with
the company's on-premises SAP ERP system, allowing

6/13/25, 3:32 PMReal-world gen AI use cases from the world's leading organizations | Google Cloud Blog
Page 34 of 80https://cloud.google.com/transform/101-real-world-generative-ai-use-cases-from-industry-leaders
employees to ask a variety of questions using natural language.
Enpal, working with Google Cloud partner dida, automated
part of its solar panels sales process. By automating the
generation of quotes for prospective solar panel customers,
including assessing roof size and the number of panels
required, Enpal reduced the time required by 87.5%, from 120
minutes to 15 minutes.
*Honeywell, an almost 120-year-old manufacturing company,
has already incorporated Gemini into building automation
products and is now applying AI to transform how its engineers
manage product lifecycles.
Hydro O!awa uses Gemini for Google Workspace to help
employees automate daily tasks and collaborate more
e%ciently. This has resulted in be#er and more cost-e$ective
services for its customers.
Plenitude leverages Google Cloud's Optical Character
Recognition and Gemini Flash models to automate customer
onboarding, extracting data from energy bills and verifying IDs
with Document AI. This has resulted in faster onboarding,
reduced fraud, and signi!cant time savings in ID veri!cation.
Robert Bosch, the world's largest automotive supplier,
revolutionizes marketing through gen AI-powered solutions,
streamlining processes, optimizing resource allocation, and
maximizing e%ciency across 100+ decentralized departments.
Suzano, the world's largest pulp manufacturer and a leader in
sustainable bioeconomics, worked with Google Cloud and
Sauter to develop an AI agent powered by Gemini Pro to
translate natural language questions into SQL code to query
SAP Materials data on BigQuery. This has resulted in a 95%
reduction in the time required for queries among the 50,000
employees using the data.
Trimble, a maker of so'ware and hardware for products
ranging from satellites to drones and monitors of many kinds, is
leveraging Gemini for Google Workspace's advanced
capabilities so employees can enhance productivity; the
company has streamlined work&ows, including e%cient
document search, concise summaries, and code generation, all
within a secure and collaborative environment.

6/13/25, 3:32 PMReal-world gen AI use cases from the world's leading organizations | Google Cloud Blog
Page 35 of 80https://cloud.google.com/transform/101-real-world-generative-ai-use-cases-from-industry-leaders
Creative Agents
*Ace Sign Co. uses Gemini in Slides to mock-up designs in
seconds, not hours, giving them more time and &exibility to
dream big on each design — as they’ve been doing since 1887.
*Co!rell Boatbuilding writes high-quality social posts with
help from Gemini in Docs, winning back time to focus on the
cra' they've honed for 40+ years.
*Empresas Lipigas, a leading gas sales and distribution
company in Chile, is using Google Cloud's AI to build a cloud-
based model that will streamline the creation of proposals for
their bulk clients, resulting in faster response times and taking
into account the speci!c needs of each project and current
regulations.
Code Agents
*Broadcom, a leading provider of semiconductors and security
solutions, is using an enterprise version of Gemini Code Assist,
built for teams of developers and agents and able to
understand a company’s code base, standards, and
conventions. [CODE]
*Far Eastern New Century (FENC) worked with Microfusion to
streamline cross-border operations using Google Cloud
VMware Engine to deliver 99% system availability and 20%
higher scalability and build AI assistants with Vertex AI and
Gemini that have increased FENC’s operational e%ciency by
30% to 40%.
*Sumitomo Rubber Industries worked with Kyocera to
deploy Cloud Workstations, which now natively includes gen AI
capabilities through Gemini Code Assist, to drastically reduce
development tasks from months to minutes — accelerating
so'ware development and time to market.

6/13/25, 3:32 PMReal-world gen AI use cases from the world's leading organizations | Google Cloud Blog
Page 36 of 80https://cloud.google.com/transform/101-real-world-generative-ai-use-cases-from-industry-leaders
Data Agents
Bayer Crop Science has developed Climate FieldView, a
comprehensive agricultural pla(orm with more than 250 layers
of data and billions of data points; AI-powered
recommendations allow farmers to design and monitor their
!elds for greater yields and e%cient fertilization, with the
added bene!t of reduced carbon emissions.
*Capital Energy, a 100% renewable electricity company, is
using Vertex AI and Fortinet technologies to apply AI to energy
management. The company has accelerated decision-making,
maximized the value of its assets, and reduced operating costs
— all while strengthening enterprise security — to take
sustainable energy to new heights.
*Casa Dos Ventos, a Brazilian wind energy company, is using
Vertex AI to automate processes like document analysis and
image data extraction, as well as accelerating information
searches in large document repositories and providing its
employees with a pla(orm that provides fast and relevant
answers when consulted. In addition, Casa dos Ventos has
automated the creation of project instruction !les.
COI Energy is facilitating equitable green energy by leveraging
advanced AI technologies to identify underutilized energy
capacity, what it calls “kW for Good,” which businesses can
then provide to low-income households. This o$ers businesses
tax deductions while creating a more climate-friendly economy
for all.
Elia Group, an energy transmission provider in Northern
Europe, is using Vertex AI to build an "eCO2grid" that measures
and forecasts the CO2 intensity of its electricity generation,
with the aim of reducing greenhouse emissions.
*Guardian Bikes specializes in kid's bikes with safer brakes,
and uses Gemini in Sheets to easily query and organize the
massive amounts of data its factory produces.
Ingrid Capacity, an alternative energy supplier, uses AI
combined with scenario modeling to forecast energy markets
and infrastructure build-up, improving the precision of its
predictions. This AI-powered forecasting has increased the
total output of its asset trading operations.

6/13/25, 3:32 PMReal-world gen AI use cases from the world's leading organizations | Google Cloud Blog
Page 37 of 80https://cloud.google.com/transform/101-real-world-generative-ai-use-cases-from-industry-leaders
*Physical Intelligence, a startup developing general-purpose
AI for robots, recently partnered with Google Cloud to support
its foundational model development, using Google Cloud’s
secure and scalable AI infrastructure.
*Solestial optimizes production of their space-stable solar
cells by tracking manufacturing data with Gemini in Sheets —
bringing the future of energy a step closer to li'o$.
Southern California Edison is using geospatial capabilities
and AI to improve infrastructure planning and monitoring,
generate new insights, and create regional resilience for
communities facing climate challenges today and tomorrow.
Zebra Technologies, maker of industry-specialized mobile
computing devices, is using Gemini to deliver on-device AI
capabilities that drive be#er work and customer experiences,
including advanced analytics and AI-driven insights for retail
workers so they can make in-the-moment decisions to prevent
low stock or inventory shrinkage.
Security Agents
*TSMC, one of the world’s leading chip producers, protects its
data for mission-critical workloads.
Media, Marketing & Gaming
Customer Agents
Dataïads helps brands maximize the ROI of their ad spend by
increasing conversion rates and average order value. It is
currently evaluating Vertex AI's ability to industrialize AI models
it uses to distribute tra%c and generate product descriptions
and images.
Formula E can now summarize a two-hour long race

6/13/25, 3:32 PMReal-world gen AI use cases from the world's leading organizations | Google Cloud Blog
Page 38 of 80https://cloud.google.com/transform/101-real-world-generative-ai-use-cases-from-industry-leaders
commentary into a 2-minute podcast in any language,
incorporating driver data and ongoing seasonal storylines.
Globant's Advance Video Search helps audiences !nd the
content they need, with best-quality results. Using multimodal
search in Gemini models, Globant can access speci!c frames
within a full catalog of assets, which optimizes time and cost of
operations, thus improving content monetization and boosting
user engagement.
*Globo, Latin America's largest media company, created a
recommendations experience inside its streaming pla(orm that
more than doubled their click-through-play rate on videos.
The Golden State Warriors consolidated all of its data into a
uni!ed data foundation in BigQuery, so the franchise can then
use Vertex AI to build a content recommendation engine to
bring relevant, personalized content to fans, including real-time
game highlights, scores and stats, and alerts about the latest
ticket sales or other entertainment events.
*Spotify has partnered with Google Cloud to cost e$ectively
handle massive scale through BigQuery, harnessing enormous
amounts of data to deliver personalized experiences to more
675 million users worldwide; Gemini also supported last year’s
custom Wrapped podcasts.
US News saw a double-digit impact in key metrics like click-
through rate, time spent on page, and tra%c volume to its
pages a'er implementing Vertex AI Search.
*Vertical Hoops, a youth basketball league, uses the
summarizing power of Gemini in Gmail to communicate more
e$ectively with coaches and parents, le#ing founder Jason
Shea shoot back to the court faster.
*YouTube achieved a 75% reduction in calls abandoned while
waiting to speak to a representative using Customer
Engagement Suite.
Employee Agents
*Adwise, a Dutch marketing agency, relies on Google
Workspace with Gemini to improve how they connect with

6/13/25, 3:32 PMReal-world gen AI use cases from the world's leading organizations | Google Cloud Blog
Page 39 of 80https://cloud.google.com/transform/101-real-world-generative-ai-use-cases-from-industry-leaders
clients; they outline new documents, summarize existing
documents, and reply to emails (“With a simple prompt, Gemini
responds in my tone of voice...”).
England’s Football Association is training Vertex AI on the
FA's historical and current scouting reports so they can be
transformed into concise summaries, helping national teams
discover future talent.
*Globe Telecom integrates Gemini into Google Chat and Meet
to improve its internal operations and employee experience. In
Chat, Gemini powers an AI chatbot called "Ask Globe" that
allows employees to quickly !nd information from various
sources, while in Meet Gemini provides live transcriptions,
summaries, and action items.
*Gold Bond is an advertising company that provides branded
merchandise and printed materials to organizations across a
broad range of industries. Google Workspace with Gemini
allows them to automate work&ows and speed up processes,
from contract reviews to adding complex formulas in Sheets.
The Golden State Warriors are using Google Workspace to
automate tedious tasks that take 20 or 30 minutes and instead
spend that time on the experience for its fans and sta$.
*GrowthLoop helps marketers and AI agents build smarter,
more personalized campaigns, providing tools that optimize
the power of BigQuery data to automate audience building,
suggest optimal targeting, and create custom a#ributes.
The Los Angeles Rams are utilizing AI across the board, from
content analysis to player scouting.
Sprinklr built Sprinklr AI+ into its uni!ed customer experience
management pla(orm, giving brands gen AI capabilities for
customer service, insights, social media management, and
marketing that have enterprise-grade governance, security,
and data privacy built-in.
Thomson Reuters added Gemini Pro to its suite of large
language models approved for employee use; with its 2-
million-token context window, Gemini makes some tasks as
much as 10-times faster to process and can process entire
documents in context.
Vimeo teams collaborate seamlessly and boost productivity
with AI-powered tools in Google Meet and Docs, Sheets, and

6/13/25, 3:32 PMReal-world gen AI use cases from the world's leading organizations | Google Cloud Blog
Page 40 of 80https://cloud.google.com/transform/101-real-world-generative-ai-use-cases-from-industry-leaders
Slides. By automating note-taking and generating summaries,
Gemini lets Vimeo employees focus on collaboration and
creative thinking, leading to more e%cient and accurate work.
Warner Bros. Discovery built an AI captioning tool with Vertex
AI, delivering a 50% reduction in overall costs and an 80%
reduction in the time it takes to manually caption a !le without
the use of machine learning.
Creative Agents
*Adobe is incorporating Imagen 3 and Veo 2 models into its
suite of products for creative professionals, beginning with
Adobe Express and Project Concepts.
*The American Cornhole League uses Gemini in Drive to
select clips and write social media captions for its broadcast
footage, turning an hours’ long task into a single prompt.
*Bending Spoons integrated Imagen 3 into its Remini app to
launch a new AI !lter that transforms user photos into cartoon
animals, processing 60 million photos a day for delighted
users.
*Bloomberg Connects helps create immersive audio guides
with Gemini, enhancing museum accessibility for visually
impaired visitors.
*Boyter Island SRL uses Google Workspace with Gemini to
overcome writer’s block to improve their creative process.
*Brandtech Group built Pencil, a gen AI pla(orm for brands to
create ads, predict performance, and optimize active
campaigns.
*CAMB.AI, part of the Google for Startups Cloud AI
Accelerator, enables storytelling in every language with
foundational AI.
Canva is using Vertex AI to power its Magic Design for Video,
helping users skip tedious editing steps while creating
shareable and engaging videos in a ma#er of seconds.
*Captions, a next generation storytelling startup, recently
released its integration with Veo 2, making it easy for users to

6/13/25, 3:32 PMReal-world gen AI use cases from the world's leading organizations | Google Cloud Blog
Page 41 of 80https://cloud.google.com/transform/101-real-world-generative-ai-use-cases-from-industry-leaders
add B-roll content to its talking videos.
Connected-Stories is a creative management pla(orm
leveraging gen AI to transform digital content creation,
personalization, and real-time optimization. Using Imagen and
Gemini on Vertex AI, the pla(orm simpli!es work&ows,
democratizes access to data-driven creatives, and scales
advertising campaigns e%ciently.
*Editora Abril, a major Brazilian publisher and printer, relies on
a content recommendation model created with Vertex AI, which
helped achieve a 52% chance of clicks on recommended
articles, strengthening its relationship with readers.
Globo, the largest media group in Latin America, is using
Google Cloud AI to hyper-personalize content for its streaming
users, and create a be#er experience for spectators.
Hour One migrated its workloads to high-performance Cloud
GPUs, powering faster video content generation, be#er image
quality, and more sophisticated AI models, improving inference
speed by 1.8x and reducing inference costs by 28%.
*Instreamatic, part of the Google for Startups AI cloud
accelerator, helps businesses maximize the potential of existing
creative assets using its AI to create hundreds of hyper-
personalized video and audio ad variations in minutes.
*Lately, part of the Google for Startups Cloud AI Accelerator,
manages social media with gen AI to drive measurable
engagement and ROI for businesses of all shapes, sizes, and
sectors.
Lightricks is developing content creation tools, including its
&agship products Facetune2, Videoleap and Photoleap.
Leveraging the remarkable performance and ample memory
capacity of Google Cloud TPU v5p, Lightricks successfully
trained its generative text-to-video model without impacting
the user experience.
Major League Baseball continues to innovate its Statcast
pla(orm, so teams, broadcasters, and fans have access to live
in-game insights.
MWM, the company behind powerful creativity tools, such as
edjing for professional DJs, is exploring advances with Gemini
and Vertex AI with the aim of further driving exceptional
content delivery in its family of creativity apps.

6/13/25, 3:32 PMReal-world gen AI use cases from the world's leading organizations | Google Cloud Blog
Page 42 of 80https://cloud.google.com/transform/101-real-world-generative-ai-use-cases-from-industry-leaders
Paramount currently relies on manual processes to create the
essential metadata and video summaries used across its
Paramount+ pla(orm for showcasing content and creating
personalized experiences for viewers. Text Bison on Vertex AI is
now helping to streamline this process.
*Photoroom, a French startup that provides gen AI photo-
editing and design capabilities to consumers and businesses,
used Veo 2 and Imagen 3 to improve the quality of its o$ering
and accelerate its development.
*Premier Martial Arts uses Gemini in Docs to create
promotional material in minutes, instead of hours, and spend
more time helping their young students build skill and
con!dence.
*Sphere, the giant globe-shaped performance and experience
venue in Las Vegas, is working with Google Cloud and Google
Deepmind to reimagine the Wizard of Oz for a new generation,
using a specialized version of the Veo 2 video generation model
to bring the !lm to life on a whole new scale.
Square Enix is using customer data to develop AI-optimized
marketing assets to keep its gamers engaged by sharing
personalized emails suited to each player’s preferences,
leading to a 20% increase in email opens and a 10% increased
retention rate.
*Synthesia, a startup that operates an AI video pla(orm, is
using Google Cloud to build the next generation of advanced
AI models that replicate realistic human likenesses and voice.
The startup is also using Gemini models to handle complex
vision and language-based tasks with speed and accuracy.
Thoughtworks has created a new way to plan enterprise
marketing events with Gemini. It enables organizations to plan
personalized events in minutes, rather than weeks,
emphasizing creating a variety of events that resonate deeply
with customers.
*Udio, an AI music generator, uses Google Cloud TPUs to help
train its models for music generation and serve its rapidly
growing customer base.
*Wondercra", an AI-powered content studio that helps users
create engaging audio ads, podcasts and more, is using Gemini
models to power many of its core functionalities and will soon

6/13/25, 3:32 PMReal-world gen AI use cases from the world's leading organizations | Google Cloud Blog
Page 43 of 80https://cloud.google.com/transform/101-real-world-generative-ai-use-cases-from-industry-leaders
release a new Veo 2 integration.
WPP will integrate Google Cloud’s gen AI capabilities into its
intelligent marketing operating system, called WPP Open,
which empowers its people and clients to deliver new levels of
personalization, creativity, and e%ciency. This includes the use
of Gemini 1.5 Pro models to supercharge both the accuracy
and speed of content performance predictions.
*ZMO AI, a personalization engine, is using Google Cloud to
build quick mobile solutions for viral video trends.
Data Agents
*Formula E developed its Driver Agent, an AI tool powered by
Vertex AI and Gemini. The Driver Agent is designed to analyze
extensive multimodal data generated during racing and provide
actionable insights to drivers.
Jaguar TCS Racing is partnering with Google Cloud to use AI
for real-time analysis of race car performance data, giving
them a competitive edge in Formula E racing. This
collaboration aims to improve its on-track decision-making and
help secure the team’s and drivers’ wins and titles.
McLaren Racing is using Google AI to get up-to-the-
millisecond insights during races and training to gain a
competitive edge.
NewsCorp uses Vertex AI to help search data across 30,000
sources and 2.5 billion news articles updated daily.
Spotify leveraged Data&ow for large-scale generation of ML
podcast previews and plans to keep pushing the boundaries of
what’s possible with data engineering and data science to build
be#er experiences for its customers and creators.
*The United Daily News Group in Taiwan worked with Merkle
to develop a new AI model using Vertex AI — creating and
training an AI model in just eight months that can deliver more
accurate ad targeting, increasing clickthrough rate as much as
four times in some categories.

6/13/25, 3:32 PMReal-world gen AI use cases from the world's leading organizations | Google Cloud Blog
Page 44 of 80https://cloud.google.com/transform/101-real-world-generative-ai-use-cases-from-industry-leaders
Public Sector & Nonpro!ts
Customer Agents
*Alma, part of the Google for Startups Cloud AI Accelerator,
provides personalized application support, including fast
document processing with AI, to simplify US immigration for
top global talent.
Beyond 12 developed an AI-powered conversational coach
with the help of Gemini 1.0 Pro. It is designed to serve !rst-
generation college students from under-resourced
communities. The AI tool interacts with students, knows their
history and goals, answers questions, and evaluates their
progress in a personalized way, without comparing them to
others.
Bower, a Swedish startup, has created an app to gamify
recycling, o$ering rewards to users across the Nordics and UK;
they've integrated generative AI into the service so users can
more easily identify and input recyclable goods into the app.
CareerVillage is building an app called Coach to empower job
seekers, especially underrepresented youth, in their career
preparedness; already featuring 35 career development
activities, the aim is to have more than 100 by next year.
The Central Texas Regional Mobility Authority is using
Vertex AI to modernize transportation operations for a
smoother, more e%cient journey.
Justicia Lab is developing an AI-powered assistant that will
simplify legal processes for asylum seekers and immigrants; by
uploading a picture from a legal le#er or document, users can
extract valuable information and then receive personalized
guidance and next steps.
The Minnesota Division of Driver and Vehicle Services
helps non-English speakers get licenses and other services
with two-way, real-time translation.
mRelief has built an SMS-accessible AI chatbot to simplify the
application process for the SNAP food assistance program in
the U.S., featuring easy-to-understand eligibility information

6/13/25, 3:32 PMReal-world gen AI use cases from the world's leading organizations | Google Cloud Blog
Page 45 of 80https://cloud.google.com/transform/101-real-world-generative-ai-use-cases-from-industry-leaders
and direct assistance within minutes rather than days.
*The State of Nevada is using AI agents to speed up
unemployment claim appeals.
The New York State Department of Motor Vehicles is
transforming the driver service experience with AI to enable
greater e%ciency and accessibility within the DMV, directly
bene!ting the public it serves.
Pepperdine University has students and faculty who speak
many languages, and with Gemini in Google Meet, they can
bene!t from real-time translated captioning and notes.
The Qatari Ministry of Labour has launched "Ouqoul," an AI-
powered pla(orm designed to connect expatriate university
graduates with job opportunities in the private sector. This
pla(orm streamlines the hiring process by integrating AI-driven
candidate matching with ministry services for contract
authentication and work permit issuance.
*Studyhall AI, which graduated from the Google UK Growth
Accelerator program, has built a mobile application that uses
Gemini models to help coach students on reading, writing, and
exam prep.
Sullivan County, New York, is utilizing gen AI to enhance
citizen interactions. Despite being one of the state’s smallest
counties, it has become one of the !rst to deploy Vertex AI to
augment a constituent chatbot tool; launched in under three
months with minimal sta$, the bot empowers residents with
increased transparency and direct communication.
Tabiya has built a conversational interface, Compass, that
helps young people !nd employment opportunities; the
pla(orm asks questions and requests information, drawing out
skills and experiences and matching those to appropriate roles.
The Var department in southern France has created a team of
AI experts to build AI solutions across its public service
operations to see how it can make the government more
responsive, e%cient, and citizen-centric.
Employee Agents

6/13/25, 3:32 PMReal-world gen AI use cases from the world's leading organizations | Google Cloud Blog
Page 46 of 80https://cloud.google.com/transform/101-real-world-generative-ai-use-cases-from-industry-leaders
Bayes Impact builds AI products to support nonpro!ts, and its
&agship product, CaseAI, is a digital case manager that
integrates with an NGO’s current system to add smart features
to dra' action plans tailored to a bene!ciary’s unique history;
caseworkers have saved 25 hours of work per week on
average.
*Can Do Canines is a nonpro!t that provides no-cost service
dogs to persons with disabilities. The team uses Gemini in
Gmail for help dra'ing emails, giving them more time to devote
to their life-changing mission.
*The Chef Ann Foundation summarizes conversations with
Gemini in Meet to track important info from the farmers,
vendors, and school districts that help the team get healthy
foods in schools nationwide.
Climate Ride, an environmental and cycling fundraising
organizations, uses Google Workspace for Nonpro!ts to
collaborate remotely and automate tasks, enabling its !ve-
person team to work more e%ciently towards its mission. This
increased e%ciency translates to more time and resources
dedicated to combating climate change.
*CodePath supports the next generation of engineering
leaders from low-income and underrepresented communities.
They use Gemini in Workspace to accelerate grant writing and
recruiting so they can deepen the impact of their work.
The Dutch Bamboo Foundation uses Gemini for Google
Workspace to streamline everything from fundraising to
research, enabling a single person to run the nonpro!t
e$ectively. This allows the founder to work strategically and
maximize limited resources, ultimately advancing its mission to
combat climate change
*Erika’s Lighthouse relies on Google Workspace with Gemini
to create life-saving mental health programs for school
communities worldwide. They use Gemini to automate
repetitive tasks and accelerate content creation, from
summarizing meeting takeaways to populating tables in Sheets
to organize data.
*The Fulton Theatre cuts grant-writing time in half by using
Gemini in Docs to !ll in routine information, helping the team
focus on growing the theatre and pu#ing on shows that bring
communities together.

6/13/25, 3:32 PMReal-world gen AI use cases from the world's leading organizations | Google Cloud Blog
Page 47 of 80https://cloud.google.com/transform/101-real-world-generative-ai-use-cases-from-industry-leaders
*The Good Earth Farm, an animal sanctuary and event space,
keeps its community updated on their favorite animals with
newsle#ers co-wri#en by Gemini in Docs.
*Indigenous Made's cofounders improve their coordination of
indigenous art markets by using suggestions from Gemini in
Gmail to kick-start email responses.
*The Mississippi Farm to School Network, a nutrition
education nonpro!t, uses Gemini in Docs to proofread and
organize the grant proposals that make its educational mission
possible.
Opportunity@Work is applying gen AI to scale a suite of
so'ware tools and APIs that help employers identify “STAR”
job candidates — “skilled through alternative routes” such as
community college, military service, and on-the-job experience
— helping !ll roles in a tight market and expand opportunities.
*The Red Barn, a nonpro!t that teaches children with
disabilities how to work with horses, uses Gemini in Docs to
help write grant proposals that allow more children to bene!t
from equine-assisted therapy.
*Nonpro!t Studio Be empowers artists in New Orleans.
Founder Brandan "BMike" Odums uses Gemini in Gmail to
summarize and respond to hundreds of weekly emails, so he
can focus more time on supporting young artists.
*Uniformed Services University trains the U.S. military’s
medical personnel and prepares them professionally and
technically for the future of digital medicine. Using Google
Workspace with Gemini, they were able to support new ways of
working, with 88% of pilot users reporting being more e$ective
as what they do overall, including the acceleration of HR,
academic, and proposal writing processes.
The U.S. Air Force built a new proof-of-concept portal for
searching, browsing, and reading e-published PDFs — all
within a 90-day deadline, leveraging the prebuilt tools and
speed of Vertex AI Search and Conversation.
The U.S. Dept. of Veterans A%airs is using AI at the edge to
improve cancer detection for service members and veterans.
The Augmented Reality Microscope (ARM) is deployed at
remote military treatment facilities around the world. The
prototype device is helping pathologists !nd cancer faster and

6/13/25, 3:32 PMReal-world gen AI use cases from the world's leading organizations | Google Cloud Blog
Page 48 of 80https://cloud.google.com/transform/101-real-world-generative-ai-use-cases-from-industry-leaders
with be#er accuracy.
The U.S. Patent and Trademark O&ce has improved the
quality and e%ciency of its patent and trademark examination
process by implementing AI-driven technologies.
Understood.org is using Gemini for Google Workspace to
improve e%ciency and communication across departments,
streamlining tasks like document summarization and email
writing.
*The Wilmington Ballet continues its mission of empowering
students through dance with grant proposals dra'ed by
Gemini in Docs, giving the team more time to spend nurturing
the next generation of dancers.
YDUQS, a Brazilian education company, uses Vertex AI to
automate the screening of cover le#ers for student admissions,
resulting in a 90% success rate and a 4-second average
response time. This streamlined enrollment process has
enabled YDUQS to save approximately BRL 1.5 million since
adoption.
Creative Agents
*The Rhythm Foundation secures funding for its free
concerts with pitch decks made using Gemini in Slides, cu#ing
the time to a !rst dra' from hours to minutes.
The World Bank is developing a tool to extract key information
from research literature on the causal impact of development
interventions, with the ultimate goal to empower decision-
makers to allocate $220 billion in annual aid and trillions in
annual impact investing more e$ectively.
*Wild Hearts Idaho, a leadership program for girls, uses
Gemini in Docs to write social media captions that promote its
programs and help more girls !nd themselves in outdoor
adventures.

6/13/25, 3:32 PMReal-world gen AI use cases from the world's leading organizations | Google Cloud Blog
Page 49 of 80https://cloud.google.com/transform/101-real-world-generative-ai-use-cases-from-industry-leaders
Data Agents
*The Air Force Research Laboratory, which helps power the
innovation arm of the United States Air Force, embraced the
Google Cloud ecosystem to accelerate scienti!c discovery,
streamline operations, and address national security
challenges.
The Asteroid Institute is using AI to discover hidden asteroids
in existing astronomical data. This is a major focus for
astronomers researching the evolution of the Solar System,
investors and businesses hoping to &y missions to asteroids,
and for all who want to prevent future large asteroid impacts
on Earth.
*The Belo Horizonte Municipal Finance O&ce used AI to
analyze service descriptions in invoices and assess the
correctness of classi!cations made by the taxpayer, impacting
the tax rate. Greater accuracy and e%ciency has led to
improved tax collections.
*Brazil’s Ministry of Education was facing challenges in
improving the user experience of one of its mission-critical
systems, SIMEC, where the ministry distributes public
education policies to more than one million users. In mid-2022,
SIMEC was migrated to Google Cloud ending the system's
unreliability, automating processes, and reducing the number
of support calls from users.
Broward County, Florida, is using geospatial capabilities and
AI to improve infrastructure planning and monitoring, generate
new insights, and create regional resilience for communities
facing climate challenges today and tomorrow.
*CNI, Brazil’s National Confederation of Industry, is using
big data, machine learning, natural language processing, and
AI technologies to be#er understand industrial demands, as
well as individual skills and the calibration of the training
por(olio of the confederation's educational institutions.
*Colombia’s Ministry of Information and Communications
Technologies uses AI and data analysis to improve the
oversight, inspection, and quality control of the country's
telecommunications services. They have successfully
optimized processes, increased productivity, and created a

6/13/25, 3:32 PMReal-world gen AI use cases from the world's leading organizations | Google Cloud Blog
Page 50 of 80https://cloud.google.com/transform/101-real-world-generative-ai-use-cases-from-industry-leaders
more transparent and e%cient ecosystem.
Full Fact, a UK-based nonpro!t working in 18 countries to
combat misinformation, is now using gen AI to actively monitor
stories so its 30 fact-checking partner organizations can focus
on addressing speci!c claims and harmful information.
Fullstory, a digital behavioral data pla(orm, is building the
ability to analyze and summarize user behavior on a site to
create more informed and enriching chatbot experiences;
responses are more relevant and accurate, ultimately improving
virtual agent performance and customer experience.
*The Israel Antiquities Authority worked with CommIT to
modernize its data systems with Google Cloud using NetApp
and VMware to migrate and back up 1 petabyte of
archaeological data. The Israel Antiquities Authority also
trained modern research models, powered by Gemini, to help
researchers quickly !nd and access what they are looking for.
Materiom, a startup researching zero-waste, bio-based
alternatives to fossil-fuel-made products like plastics, is
creating a gen AI tool that enables entrepreneurs to develop
novel compostable materials with broad applications; AI
enables faster research and information gathering to speed up
the development process.
NOAA and USAID are among the U.S. government agencies
using Google Cloud AI to unlock critical data insights to
streamline operations and improve mission outcomes — all with
an emphasis on responsible AI.
OroraTech, a space-based wild!re detection company,
leverages Google Cloud's global infrastructure and Vertex AI to
enhance the speed and accuracy of its Wild!re Solution. This
solution helps customers worldwide monitor forests, detect
wild!res early, and protect over 1.6 million km² of forest.
*Prodam is the state-run company in São Paulo responsible
for providing IT and data services to other agencies. It is
investing in a project to standardize processes with AI, making
for faster and more accurate deliveries and ensuring greater
e%ciency in the public service of São Paulo.
*The Rio De Janeiro City Data O&ce, founded by the mayor,
proposed data integration and the development of projects
using AI, like monitoring suspicious vandalism using computer

6/13/25, 3:32 PMReal-world gen AI use cases from the world's leading organizations | Google Cloud Blog
Page 51 of 80https://cloud.google.com/transform/101-real-world-generative-ai-use-cases-from-industry-leaders
vision in city tunnels.
*Serpro, a federalized company that provides IT solutions to
the Brazilian government, adopted Google Distributed Cloud to
meet strict national regulations and the highest security
standards for its government cloud. The technology o$ers the
option of physical isolation to ensure local residency of
information with access restrictions.
Security Agents
*The Minas Gerais State Government is using Vertex AI in the
State Secretariat for the Environment and Sustainable
Development (Semad) to implement an AI solution that will
both speed up and make the processing of environmental
infraction notices in the state more e%cient.
*The Government of Singapore uses Google Cloud Web Risk,
which employs AI to proactively &ag unsafe websites and
protect its residents online, disrupting thousands of harmful
sites so far.
Retail
Customer Agents
*Allegro, the largest ecommerce player of European origin,
enables millions of real-time, personalized conversations with
AI-powered omnichannel orchestration with Google Cloud and
GrowthLoop.
Best Buy is using Gemini to launch a generative AI-powered
virtual assistant this summer that can troubleshoot product
issues, reschedule order deliveries, manage Geek Squad
subscriptions, and more; in-store and digital customer-service
associates are also gaining gen AI tools to be#er serve
customers anywhere they need help.

6/13/25, 3:32 PMReal-world gen AI use cases from the world's leading organizations | Google Cloud Blog
Page 52 of 80https://cloud.google.com/transform/101-real-world-generative-ai-use-cases-from-industry-leaders
*Big Sur AI now o$ers its AI-powered personalization pla(orm
for retail and e-commerce customers on Google Cloud
Marketplace.
BrainLogic uses Anthropic’s Claude models on Vertex AI to
power Zapia, a personal AI assistant that caters to the Latin
American market's preference for conversational commerce.
Zapia supports millions of users with product discovery, local
business searches, and purchase assistance, resulting in over
90% positive user feedback.
Cainz, a Japanese home improvement chain, is creating an
autonomous, next-generation store where advanced AI
technologies, including generative AI, merge the best of online
and o*ine shopping to deliver a faster, seamless consumer
experience.
Carrefour Taiwan's AI Sommelier, a conversational AI service
integrated into its app, helps customers select wines based on
their preferences. Powered by Gemini models, the AI leverages
a vast wine database to provide personalized
recommendations, seamlessly integrating online and o*ine
shopping.
Dunelm has partnered with Google Cloud to enhance its online
shopping experience with a new gen AI-driven product
discovery solution. This has shown signi!cant improvements in
a number of key areas, including reduced search friction,
helping customers !nd the products they are looking for.
Eezee found Gemini models to be the most reliable option for
building its Southeast Asian B2B pla(orm that connects small
businesses with suppliers of industrial and construction
materials.
Etsy uses Vertex AI training to optimize its search
recommendations and ads models, delivering be#er listing
suggestions to buyers and helping sellers grow its businesses.
GroupBy, an ecommerce service provider, developed an AI-
!rst Search and Discovery Pla(orm powered by Vertex AI
Search for Retail. This solution is meticulously designed to
optimize revenue, strengthen brand loyalty, and drive sales
growth for B2C and B2B retailers.
*The Home Depot built Magic Apron, an AI agent that o$ers
expert guidance 24/7, providing detailed how-to instructions,

6/13/25, 3:32 PMReal-world gen AI use cases from the world's leading organizations | Google Cloud Blog
Page 53 of 80https://cloud.google.com/transform/101-real-world-generative-ai-use-cases-from-industry-leaders
product recommendations, and review summaries to make
home improvement easier.
*Lowe's is revolutionizing product discovery with Vertex AI
Search to generate dynamic product recommendations and
address customers’ complex search queries.
Magalu, one of Brazil’s largest retailers, has put customer
service at the center of its AI strategy, including using Vertex AI
to create “Lu’s Brain” to power an interactive conversational
agent for Lu, Magalu's popular brand persona (the 3D bot has
more than 14 million followers between TikTok and Instagram).
Mercado Libre has incorporated semantic search into its
digital shopping pla(orms, using AI embeddings from the
Vertex AI Agent Builder, which greatly improved product
recommendations and discoverability for more than 200 million
consumers across Latin America.
*Mercari dramatically improves the user experience for both
buyers and sellers on its ecommerce marketplace with Vertex
AI and Weights & Biases.
Target uses Google Cloud to power AI solutions on the Target
app and Target.com, including personalized Target Circle o$ers
and Starbucks at Drive Up, its curbside pickup solution.
Tokopedia, an Indonesian ecommerce leader, is using Vertex
AI to improve data quality, increasing unique products being
sold by 5%.
*Vody, part of the Google for Startups Cloud AI Accelerator,
builds !ne-tuned multimodal AI models for retail, helping to
improve search experiences, personalize recommendations,
and enhance customer engagement.
Wendy’s FreshAI pairs Gemini’s conversational AI capability
with audio and visual elements to create a deeply personalized
and tailored experience that is consistent and enjoyable for
Wendy’s customers by freeing workers to focus on excellent
service and meal preparation — marking the next evolution in
the quick-serve restaurants.
Employee Agents

6/13/25, 3:32 PMReal-world gen AI use cases from the world's leading organizations | Google Cloud Blog
Page 54 of 80https://cloud.google.com/transform/101-real-world-generative-ai-use-cases-from-industry-leaders
*3 Farm Daughters, a family-owned pasta company, writes
social media posts with help from Gemini in Docs, making it
easier for the three sisters-turned-cofounders to balance
family life with running a business.
*Arpalus developed an app that can instantly analyze the
physical shelf and notify employees about actions to take to
improve it. Powered by patented computer vision and AR
technology, the app now integrates Google Cloud’s gen AI to
expand its vision capabilities, transforming images into 3D
models for even more powerful and accurate product
recognition.
Atlas, an operating system for restaurants, is using AI to
improve operational e%ciency, drive sales, and surface
customer insights for food and beverage brands across
Singapore.
Best Buy can generate conversation summaries in real time
using Contact Center AI, allowing live agents to give their full
a#ention to understanding and supporting customers; the
result is a 30-to-90-second reduction in average call time and
a'er-call work. Both customers and agents have cited
improved satisfaction.
*BLK & Bold, a premium co$ee company simpli!es and
speeds the tedious task of budgeting by asking Gemini in
Sheets for help creating tables and importing data.
Camanchaca, a Chilean seafood company, took only six weeks
to develop Elon, a virtual assistant that aims to provide more
e%cient customer service through digital channels, enhancing
Camanchaca's customer interactions.
*Custard Stand Chili co-founder Angie Cowger re!nes her
emails with Gemini in Gmail to communicate e$ectively with
retailers and share her family's hot dog chili nationwide.
Etsy’s customer support team uses Gemini in Sheets to reduce
the time spent analyzing customer feedback from hours to
minutes, enabling them to quickly identify trends and improve
customer interactions.
*Grupo Nutresa, a leader in processed foods in Colombia and
Latin America, is using Gemini for Google Workspace to
streamline its processes, optimize decision-making, and
increase productivity, thus driving innovation.

6/13/25, 3:32 PMReal-world gen AI use cases from the world's leading organizations | Google Cloud Blog
Page 55 of 80https://cloud.google.com/transform/101-real-world-generative-ai-use-cases-from-industry-leaders
The Home Depot has built an application called Sidekick,
which helps store associates manage inventory and keep
shelves stocked; notably, vision models help associates
prioritize which actions to take.
Just Salad uses Gemini for Google Workspace to streamline
communication and enhance e%ciency by summarizing emails
and meetings, allowing employees to focus on product
development, customer service, and other tasks that
contribute to the company's growth.
McDonald’s will leverage data, AI, and edge technologies
across its thousands of restaurants to implement innovation
faster and to enhance employee and customer experiences.
Miinto uses Vertex AI Vision to identify and merge duplicate
product listings, improving the customer experience and
reducing operational costs. This AI-powered solution has
resulted in a 40% increase in e%ciency, a 20% improvement in
conversion rates, and signi!cant cost savings.
*Momentum Climbing Gym uses Gemini in Meet to
summarize conversations with their team members nationwide,
keeping everyone on the same page as they reach for new
heights.
*Mood Fabrics compares vendor proposals with Gemini in
Gmail, making sure to never miss a detail while managing
relations with 600+ vendors worldwide.
*Ca!lemen at Morgan Ranch, a worldwide Wagyu beef
supplier, carve lengthy email writing down to just minutes with
Gemini in Gmail, ge#ing them back in the saddle faster.
*Natura, a Brazilian cosmetics company, migrated 20,000
employees in more than 10 countries to Google Workspace,
and was one of the !rst to pilot the Gemini side panel. The
beauty leader also eliminated more than 17 hours of manual
work per week with AppSheet, giving the !nance team more
time to focus on high-value analysis and planning.
*Nuts.com uses Gemini in Meet's live translation to
communicate with suppliers worldwide and source the high-
quality nuts they've provided since 1929.
*oogiebear, a business specializing in baby breathing care
products, uses Gemini in Gmail to quickly respond to
customers and vendors, helping cofounder Dr. Nina Farzin

6/13/25, 3:32 PMReal-world gen AI use cases from the world's leading organizations | Google Cloud Blog
Page 56 of 80https://cloud.google.com/transform/101-real-world-generative-ai-use-cases-from-industry-leaders
juggle her dual roles of CEO and mom of three.
Schwarz Group, Europe's largest retailer (including Lidl and
Kau&and), is partnering with Google to enhance workplace
productivity and security. They will use Google Workspace with
client-side encryption through Schwarz Digits’ Cloud STACKIT,
ensuring data sovereignty and maximizing security for their
575,000 employees.
Sports Basement's customer service team is using Gemini in
Google Workspace to reduce the time spent writing emails by
30-35%. This means faster response times, happier
employees, and higher quality customer interactions.
Trace One, a product lifecycle management provider for retail
and CPG companies, began using Vertex AI to automatically
extract information from complex documents in order to create
up-to-date product summaries and data sheets, covering
di$erent industry and regulatory standards.
Victoria’s Secret is testing AI-powered agents to help its in-
store associates !nd information about product availability,
inventory, and !#ing and sizing tips, so they can be#er tailor
recommendations to customers.
Woolworths, the leading retailer in Australia, boosts
employees’ con!dence in communications with “Help me
write” across Google Workspace products for more than
10,000 administrative employees.
Woolworths is also using Gemini to create next-generation
promotions, as well as for quickly assisting customer service
reps in summarizing all previous customer interactions in real
time.
Creative Agents
Adore Me marketers write di$erentiated product descriptions,
a tedious task which used to take 30-40 hours a month, in one
hour thanks to Gemini for Google Workspace.
Belk ECommerce is using gen AI to cra' be#er product
descriptions, a necessary yet time-consuming task for digital
retailers that was o'en previously done manually.

6/13/25, 3:32 PMReal-world gen AI use cases from the world's leading organizations | Google Cloud Blog
Page 57 of 80https://cloud.google.com/transform/101-real-world-generative-ai-use-cases-from-industry-leaders
*Bison Coolers' 12-person team punch above their weight by
using Gemini in Docs to write product descriptions that help
keep their small business thriving.
Carrefour used Vertex AI to deploy Carrefour Marketing Studio
in just !ve weeks — an innovative solution to streamline the
creation of dynamic campaigns across various social networks.
In just a few clicks, marketers can build ultra-personalized
campaigns to deliver customers advertising that they care
about.
*Cia.Hering, a Brazilian textile and retail company, used
Google Cloud to implement AI-powered image search, which
allows its customers to !nd desired clothing using a photo as a
reference, and the Herica chatbot, which can personalize
messages and answer questions. This implementation resulted
in a 16% increase in click-through rates, and a 122% higher
average purchase.
*Comoferta.com uses Gemini and Vertex AI, to revolutionize
the way Brazilian consumers compare supermarket prices. The
application, which recognizes products from photos of shelves
using computer vision and OCR, analyzes and compares prices
in di$erent stores, displaying the results in an organized way so
that users can save on their purchases.
*Delgado Guitars, a family business selling handcra'ed
guitars, uses Gemini in Gmail to send timely and personalized
responses making it easier to keep sharing the family’s three
generations of experience with musicians worldwide.
*Down the Road Spice Co. uses Gemini in Slides to create
designs promoting its spice blends, helping the family-owned
business share their multi-generational recipes with the world.
The Estee Lauder Companies utilizes Google Cloud AI,
including Gemini, to power its language assistant, Ella. This tool
allows brand leaders to generate various creative content,
translate languages, and summarize meetings, enhancing
productivity and customer experience.
*Farmatodo, a Colombian chain of self-service pharmacies,
uses generative AI to personalize product recommendations
for customers, and automate internal processes that were
previously carried out manually.
*Grupo Pão De Açúcar, one of the largest retail groups in

6/13/25, 3:32 PMReal-world gen AI use cases from the world's leading organizations | Google Cloud Blog
Page 58 of 80https://cloud.google.com/transform/101-real-world-generative-ai-use-cases-from-industry-leaders
South America, adopted Vertex AI to improve sales forecasting
for more than 700 stores with a por(olio of over 60,000
products in stock. This approach has generated gains in
sustainability, customer satisfaction, and pro!tability.
*Grupo Casas Bahia is reinforcing its ecommerce and search
experience with AI tools for the Brazilian market. Using Retail
Search and Recommendations AI, product searches are now
much more aligned with customer desires, resulting in a 28%
increase in revenue per app user.
*L'Oreal Groupe uses Veo 2 and Imagen 3 as a creative
partner, enabling teams to generate diverse, cinematic shots in
less time, producing hundreds of new qualitative videos across
20 more countries and languages while upholding its
"trustworthy AI" values.
*Levi's is using AI models to help marketing teams with the
!rst dra's for content generation and translations, while
everything still has a human in the loop.
*Mondelez quickly generates visuals with Imagen for global
brands like Oreo and Cadbury, supporting campaigns in more
than 150 countries, with the goal of achieving 25% increase in
ROI from generatively created content.
Procter & Gamble used Imagen to develop an internal gen AI
pla(orm to accelerate the creation of photo-realistic images
and creative assets, giving marketing teams more time to focus
on high-level planning and delivering superior experiences for
its consumers.
Puma is using Imagen to customize product photos on its
website, saving time and ensuring they are locally relevant
across markets; PUMA India has already seen a 10% increase in
click through rate.
*T&C Surf Design in Hawaii writes radio copy with Gemini in
Docs to help share the good vibes of 50+ years on the waves.
*The United Nations Population Fund has found Google
Workspace with Gemini to be “a superpowered writing
assistant,” where it can help a country director get the tone
and formality right in an email to a government o%cial, or a
non-English speaker get their message across the way they
want to.
*Wisconsin Cheese Mart uses Gemini in Docs to quickly write

6/13/25, 3:32 PMReal-world gen AI use cases from the world's leading organizations | Google Cloud Blog
Page 59 of 80https://cloud.google.com/transform/101-real-world-generative-ai-use-cases-from-industry-leaders
online product descriptions that inform a growing online
customer base without taking time away from the hands-on in-
store experience.
Code Agents
Leroy Merlin, a global home improvement retailer, developed
its Pull Request Analyzer using Vertex AI. This gen AI solution
summarizes code changes, helping developers understand
projects faster and improve code review e%ciency.
L'Oreal developed an AI agent using LangChain and Cloud Run
to provide text-to-text and text-to-image generation
capabilities. This AI agent streamlines processes and enables
faster development and deployment of gen AI applications,
saving the company time and money.
Wayfair piloted Code Assist, and those developers with the
code agent were able to set up their environments 55 percent
faster than before; there was also a 48 percent increase in
code performance during unit testing, and 60 percent of
developers reported that they were able to focus on more
satisfying work.
Data Agents
*Backcountry has reduced the burden of managing and
maintaining infrastructure while providing a strong, secure, and
scalable data foundation to deliver advanced gen AI
capabilities in the future. The retailer relies on BigQuery and
Looker for all of its data analytics, providing daily reports and
insights that inform decision-making across the entire
organization.
Coop uses Vertex AI Forecast to predict product demand and
optimize inventory levels in its distribution centers. This AI-
powered forecasting has resulted in a 43% improvement in
forecasting accuracy, leading to reduced food waste and

6/13/25, 3:32 PMReal-world gen AI use cases from the world's leading organizations | Google Cloud Blog
Page 60 of 80https://cloud.google.com/transform/101-real-world-generative-ai-use-cases-from-industry-leaders
improved sustainability.
The Estee Lauder Companies leverages BigQuery to
e%ciently analyze data and improve operational e%ciency.
Fortenova Group, one of Croatia's leading food and retail
companies, created an AI inventory helper that provides
grocery store managers with fresh insights to help them place
more accurate orders for perishables like fruits and vegetables,
reducing food waste while boosting pro!ts.
*GPC, the Genuine Parts Company, implemented a pilot
program utilizing Google Distributed Cloud in one of their
Atlanta stores. This modern, distributed infrastructure
approach, infused with AI, provided GPC with the agility and
&exibility they needed to accelerate their development cycles
and streamline store infrastructure management and
operations.
*Gordon Food Services, the largest family-operated food
distribution company in North America, is transforming
decision-making across the organization with AI agents
connected to their enterprise data, including Google
Workspace and Salesforce, to simplify insight discovery and
even recommend next steps.
*Hunkemöller, a leading Dutch intimate apparel brand, worked
with Devoteam to develop a single, scalable modern data stack
on Google Cloud that enables internal development and
building advanced AI solutions.
*Jacobsen Salt Co. uses Gemini in Sheets to organize the
constantly-changing environmental data needed to produce
high-quality, hand-harvested sea salt.
*Kindred Post — a gi' shop and community space in Juneau,
Alaska — forecasts inventory needs for tourist season with an
intricate tracker made by Gemini in Sheets.
Mercado Libre uses Vector Search and embeddings in Vertex
AI to reshape online shopping by providing precise results that
best match a user's query.
NotCo, a Chilean food tech company, partnered with Eleven
Solutions to develop a conversational AI chatbot, powered by
Gemini; the chatbot has revolutionized data access, allowing
employees to instantly query their SAP system and gain real-
time insights for faster, data-driven decision-making.

6/13/25, 3:32 PMReal-world gen AI use cases from the world's leading organizations | Google Cloud Blog
Page 61 of 80https://cloud.google.com/transform/101-real-world-generative-ai-use-cases-from-industry-leaders
Revionics' intelligent retail pricing pla(orm has incorporated
gen AI to turn big data into smarter pricing decisions. Revionics
built a new chat-based AI agent that can help customers
understand system con!guration and optimization and dive
deeper into data on the factors in&uencing pricing.
Shopify, the leading ecommerce pla(orm for online
merchants, completely transformed its data infrastructure to
bring together all of its data and connect it with the latest
groundbreaking data and AI technologies to deliver powerful
business intelligence and AI insights.
Spoon Guru uses Vertex AI to process up to 14 billion data
points a day, including pack labels, ingredients, nutritional
values, allergens, and other metadata, so retailers and
consumers can be#er determine a product’s suitability for any
given health, nutrition or lifestyle diet.
Tchibo, a major European co$ee and e-commerce company,
uses Vertex AI and BigQuery to optimize its demand
forecasting. This AI-powered solution, known as DEMON,
generates over 6 million predictions daily, allowing Tchibo to
manage warehouse supplies e%ciently, reduce logistics costs,
and improve product availability.
*Unilever created digitized distribution trade processes using
BigQuery. Using in-depth analytics, Unilever can now process
75,000 orders daily and reach millions of retailers in emerging
markets.
*The Village Store simpli!es accounting for its two-person
team with Gemini in Sheets, so they can get back to the hands-
on work of running an old-town general store.
*The Woobles tracks inventory of its beginner crochet kits
faster with Gemini in Sheets, easily pu#ing together forecasts
and run rates to make sure every Wooble !nds a home.
*Woodward Throwbacks, a furniture company that uses
reclaimed wood, tracks projects with help from Gemini in
Sheets, creating monthly or project-based trackers suited to
the team’s needs with a single prompt.
Security

6/13/25, 3:32 PMReal-world gen AI use cases from the world's leading organizations | Google Cloud Blog
Page 62 of 80https://cloud.google.com/transform/101-real-world-generative-ai-use-cases-from-industry-leaders
*Dunelm, a leading UK furnishings retailer, integrated Google
Security Operations with Google security partner Acora, to
create a comprehensive risk pro!le and modernized its security
operations to deliver adaptive, agile, highly automated defense
against even the most sophisticated threats.
*Etsy deployed AI-powered Google Security Operations to
simplify log management and ingestion, accelerated detection
creation and review, and improved incident response
capabilities.
Grupo Boticário, one of the largest beauty retail and
cosmetics companies in Brazil, employs real-time security
models to prevent fraud and to detect and respond to issues.
*ManTech, a defense contracting !rm that provides
technology services to the U.S. government, launched an
advanced Google Workspace practice for secure AI-driven
innovation, allowing the organizations they support to “test
drive the latest in generative AI and Google Workspace...”
*Pernambucanas, a Brazilian retailer operating in more than
340 cities, improves fraud detection through its solutions
created with AI. Using Google Cloud’s OCR technology, the
company has reduced manual document evaluation by 80%
and improves data collection through the analysis and
processing of customer photos.
Technology
Customer Agents
Abstrakt uses Vertex AI to enhance contact center customer
experiences by transcribing calls and evaluating sentiment in
real-time. This empowers call center workers to have more
e$ective conversations, resolve issues faster, and provide a
be#er customer experience.
ADT is building a customer agent to help its millions of
customers select, order, and set up their home security.
AUI's Apollo AI agent empowers businesses to create complex,

6/13/25, 3:32 PMReal-world gen AI use cases from the world's leading organizations | Google Cloud Blog
Page 63 of 80https://cloud.google.com/transform/101-real-world-generative-ai-use-cases-from-industry-leaders
multi-step conversational experiences for its customers. This
neuro-symbolic AI agent integrates with existing systems and
tools, ensuring accurate, transparent, and compliant
interactions.
BMC partnered with Google Cloud to bring the power of Vertex
AI and Llama 3.1 to its BMC Helix pla(orm, which has
signi!cantly boosted accuracy for conversational AI and AIOps
recommendations, giving BMC customers access to cu#ing-
edge AI solutions tailored to their needs.
Character.ai built its realistic conversational chat pla(orm
using the full stack of Google Cloud AI services, including for
model training and daily operations, allowing it to manage
terabytes of conversations each day without interruption.
*Flockx li's people out of loneliness by connecting individuals
with events, communities, and like-minded people using
collaborative AI agent technology, built with Google Cloud and
Elastic.
Gojek, an Indonesia-based super app, launched "Dira by GoTo
AI," a Bahasa Indonesia AI-powered voice assistant integrated
into its GoPay service, allowing customers to use voice
command to eliminate typing and scrolling, and complete tasks
like bill payments and money transfers with fewer steps.
Hand Talk uses AI to translate spoken and wri#en Portuguese
into Brazilian sign language using a virtual character named
Hugo; the embedded AI translates the oral language into ASL
gloss, then converts the gloss into signs, enabling
communication and education for deaf individuals and their
families.
Moveo.AI uses Vertex AI to train and deploy custom AI models
for creating AI-powered customer experience agents. This has
resulted in faster model development, improved customer
engagement, increased revenue, and reduced customer churn
for Moveo.AI's clients.
Personal AI o$ers a “personal language model” using only the
data of one individual or brand and allowing them to control
and own how it is used. Built on your own data, facts, and
opinions, it creates a responsive and interactive messaging
experience that helps people be more productive and deepen
relationships.

6/13/25, 3:32 PMReal-world gen AI use cases from the world's leading organizations | Google Cloud Blog
Page 64 of 80https://cloud.google.com/transform/101-real-world-generative-ai-use-cases-from-industry-leaders
Quora developed Poe, its own generative AI pla(orm for
people to discover and chat with AI-powered bots, including
Gemini, Anthropic’s Claude, Meta’s Llama, and Mistral’s Large 2
— many of which are hosted on Google Cloud’s purpose-built
AI infrastructure.
*Reddit has launched Reddit Answers, its new conversation
pla(orm, which uses gen AI built with Gemini and Vertex AI
that’s grounded in Reddit’s vast repository of information.
Additionally, Reddit is using Vertex AI Search to improve its
homepage experience.
*Simular, part of the Google for Startups Cloud AI Accelerator,
is creating personal AI agents that can use computers like a
human.
Snap has deployed the multimodal capability of Gemini within
its “My AI” chatbot and has since seen over 2.5-times as much
engagement within Snapping to My AI in the United States.
Twilio, a leading customer engagement pla(orm, delivers the
data, communication, and AI tools businesses need to create
personalized customer experiences at scale.
Employee Agents
2bots o$ers technology solutions, such as chatbots and virtual
agents, built with Google Cloud’s AI solutions; these intelligent
chatbots and content generation tools are transforming the
way companies interact with their customers.
Augment is building an AI personal assistant that o$ers
enhanced note-taking and collects information across your
apps, including calendar, email, texts, and social media, so
users can more quickly and easily !nd personal information
and keep their lives organized.
Box has integrated Vertex AI to build new gen AI features that
help customers more e%ciently process and analyze data
stored in the Box Content Cloud, including deep-learning-
based malware detection, timely alerts about unusual activity,
and content classi!cation that can automatically protect data.
*Causal's mission is to simplify !nancial planning for startups.

6/13/25, 3:32 PMReal-world gen AI use cases from the world's leading organizations | Google Cloud Blog
Page 65 of 80https://cloud.google.com/transform/101-real-world-generative-ai-use-cases-from-industry-leaders
Wanting to boost performance and maximize its time and
talent, Causal used Gemini to build a generative AI-powered
setup wizard that helps users connect their data, analyze
pa#erns, and generate !nancial models in just !ve minutes.
Clodura.ai built a sales co-pilot using Vertex AI that analyzes
organizational data to help B2B sellers close deals; the Vertex
pla(orm led to 71% less technical debt, 12-times faster app
delivery, and resulted in signi!cant customer growth.
Devoteam is investing in AI by obtaining 4,000 Gemini
Enterprise licenses to enhance productivity and collaboration,
with the aim of becoming a leader in AI innovation and
strengthening its ability to guide customers in their own AI
journeys.
Fire$ies.ai can transcribe, summarize, and analyze meetings,
recordings, and other voice conversations to save time and
improve collaboration and information sharing across teams.
Glean builds on Vertex AI and BigQuery to deliver powerful,
uni!ed enterprise search across all workplace applications,
websites, and data sources used within an enterprise, helping
users !nd exactly what you need and discover the information
you need to do their best work.
LiveX AI delivers AI Agents that swi'ly enhance product
education, boost customer conversion, reduce churn, and
provide personalized customer support, with the goal of
o$ering everyone a seamless VIP experience across their
customer journey.
Lytehouse provides instant video intelligence for any CCTV
camera, enabling businesses to extract security, operational,
and business insights from their video data by having
multimodal gen AI agents monitor their cameras 24/7 — acting
as coworkers for their business.
*Maqqie, a Dutch startup, worked with Rappit to transform
the future of HR recruitment, harnessing the power Vertex AI
and its pretrained models to pinpoint the best candidates from
its pool of 43,000 pro!les, increasing revenue and retention.
Quantum Metric has introduced Felix AI, powered by Gemini
Pro, to simplify digital analytics and decision-making. Felix AI
automatically summarizes a user’s web or mobile session and
consolidates the moments that ma#er most into short,

6/13/25, 3:32 PMReal-world gen AI use cases from the world's leading organizations | Google Cloud Blog
Page 66 of 80https://cloud.google.com/transform/101-real-world-generative-ai-use-cases-from-industry-leaders
readable summaries for customer service workers.
*Rubrik, a cybersecurity company, is leveraging knowledge
agents in Agentspace to develop deeper customer insights and
prepare for impac(ul sales interactions.
*Salesforce is working with Google Cloud to create AI agents
that work across both pla(orms using the newly launched
Agent2Agent (A2) open protocol.
*SAP is using Vertex AI and Gemini in its the SAP Business
Technology Pla(orm, so business users now have new
opportunities to gain actionable insights from their data using
natural, everyday language.
*ServiceNow CRM works with Customer Engagement Suite,
helping automate and personalize customer interactions across
systems.
TransCrypts leverages Llama on Google Cloud to bring its AI-
powered copilot, Castello, to thousands of customers in a
ma#er of days. The performance and cost-e%ciency of TPUs
allow them to deploy these advanced models at lightning
speed, handling complex workloads that would otherwise be
out of reach.
Typeface uses gen AI to allow brands to create captivating
content that deeply engages customers at scale, improving
operational e%ciency while retaining branding consistency and
control.
WebFX uses Gemini in Google Workspace to brainstorm
content, write emails, and plan projects in order to save time
and improve the quality of work.
Creative Agents
*Bewe, a Colombian digital transformation pla(orm for small
and medium-sized enterprises, has created an assistant with
Google Cloud's generative AI that helps businesses in the
region improve customer management and loyalty, increasing
conversions and user satisfaction.
*Birdie.ai Transforms customer feedback into insights for

6/13/25, 3:32 PMReal-world gen AI use cases from the world's leading organizations | Google Cloud Blog
Page 67 of 80https://cloud.google.com/transform/101-real-world-generative-ai-use-cases-from-industry-leaders
companies, with generative AI providing the support they need
to take action. With this technology, the company has saved
3.5X more per text processed, and reduced data analysis time.
Bosch Digital, one of Europe's leading technology and
services companies, is leveraging Gemini models to make
deeper connections with its global audiences: many business
units have begun localizing marketing content for a diverse
range of markets and demographics — saving time and costs.
ClearObject, a developer of visual AI services, is using Gemini
for Google Workspace to boost both external and internal
content creation, exempli!ed by its marketing team cra'ing a
targeted LinkedIn strategy with Gemini's assistance.
*fal is a generative media pla(orm for developers, accelerating
the inference of gen AI models to improve the speed in which
content is generated. The fal team is working with Google
Cloud to integrate its Veo 2 technology, empowering its users
to create videos with realistic motion and high-quality output.
Higgs#eld.ai built a number of text-to-video apps for
consumers, including Di$use 2.0, which can combine users'
photos, videos, and texts through AI models to create more
realistic avatars.
*Hunty, a Colombian HR startup, automated, scaled, and
streamlined its hiring processes with generative AI solutions,
helping clients improve candidate interviews and selections,
and facilitating hiring.
Jasper trains its suite of creativity-, writing-, and marketing-
focused AI models on Google’s AI infrastructure, delivering on-
brand, data-optimized assets faster and at scale to teams large
and small.
*Nerdmonster used Vision AI and Vertex AI to analyze and
categorize images and videos published on consumers' digital
channels. Now, the retail intelligence provider can then identify
objects, scenes, emotions, and texts, generating insights that
help large retail chains and franchises optimize campaigns and
identify opportunities.
*Pix Force is part of the visual inspection sector and is
investing in gen AI to collaborate on around 80% of document
reading services. The company reduced the time to read
documents and personal authorizations from three days to 15

6/13/25, 3:32 PMReal-world gen AI use cases from the world's leading organizations | Google Cloud Blog
Page 68 of 80https://cloud.google.com/transform/101-real-world-generative-ai-use-cases-from-industry-leaders
minutes.
*Scaleup has created an AI-based technology that transcribes
video lessons and generates subtitles in up to seven
languages. This innovation improved content absorption and
reduced student dropout rates before the end of the course by
17%.
*Trakto has launched a pla(orm that uses generative AI to
automate ad creation at scale. The initiative allows for quick
text generation and text-to-speech conversion, providing
customers with a complete and scalable marketing solution.
Brazil, Technology.
*Typeface enables users to automate marketing workloads
and across teams with its Arc Agent, which supports marketers
with campaign performance, creative content creation
updates, and audience optimization.
Urmobo, a mobile-device management pla(orm, created a
virtual agent, Odin, that signi!cantly improved user experience
and reduced support tickets by enabling clients to interact with
the pla(orm using natural language.
Code Agents
accessiBe develops technological solutions that help
businesses do the very best they can to tackle web
accessibility. Google Cloud AI helps accessiBe streamline its
development process, reducing time-to-deploy by 5X;
accessiBe's solutions, accessWidget and accessFlow, run on a
100% serverless environment and improve the accessibility of
over 23,000 business websites
*Ai2's full por(olio of open AI models are accessible on Vertex
AI Model Garden.
*Anyscale’s Ray compute engine has made it easier for
developers to scale the most complex workloads such as
multimodal data processing, model training, and inference
across traditional and generative AI. Ray is built using GPUs
and TPUs on Google Cloud, o$ering greater AI infrastructure
&exibility to users.

6/13/25, 3:32 PMReal-world gen AI use cases from the world's leading organizations | Google Cloud Blog
Page 69 of 80https://cloud.google.com/transform/101-real-world-generative-ai-use-cases-from-industry-leaders
*Anysphere, the startup behind the AI-powered code editor
Cursor, is now using Anthropic's Claude models on Google
Cloud to scale its AI coding assistant to more developers.
Arize AI leverages Google Cloud technologies like Google
Kubernetes Engine and BigQuery to scale its AI observability
and LLM evaluation pla(orm, enabling businesses to e$ectively
manage and deploy AI applications. As a result, Arize AI has
experienced signi!cant growth and is able to support the
increasing demand for its pla(orm.
*Box is already leveraging Gemini 2.5 to deliver more
sophisticated, higher-value applications.
*Canonical collaborated with Google Cloud to optimize
Ubuntu as a trusted, AI-ready infrastructure, designed for
sovereignty, scalability, and control, serving a range of data-
intensive use cases.
Cognizant uses Gemini and Vertex AI to assist in so'ware
development, improving code quality and developer
productivity. By integrating Gemini into its internal operations
and pla(orms, Cognizant aims to enhance insights, optimize
processes, and improve user experiences.
*Crew AI is providing agent-building frameworks in Vertex AI,
so organizations can streamline work&ows across industries
with powerful AI agents.
*HydroX AI, part of the Google for Startups Cloud AI
Accelerator, automate risk evaluation and compliance for gen
AI models, helping to prevent unintended consequences and
harmful behaviors so businesses can fully harness AI potential
without sacri!cing safety.
*Instalily, part of the Google for Startups Cloud AI Accelerator,
is building a vertical AI agent pla(orm that can build and
operate entire teams of specialized AI agents that help
automate B2B work&ows across various departments.
*Kahuna Labs, part of the Google for Startups Cloud AI
Accelerator, is building the industry’s !rst AI pla(orm purpose-
built for technical product support.
Labelbox has built a fully managed AI model evaluation
solution directly integrated into the Vertex AI pla(orm, allowing
Google Cloud users to seamlessly launch human evaluation
jobs and set speci!c criteria for evaluation, such as question-

6/13/25, 3:32 PMReal-world gen AI use cases from the world's leading organizations | Google Cloud Blog
Page 70 of 80https://cloud.google.com/transform/101-real-world-generative-ai-use-cases-from-industry-leaders
answering and summarization; this eases and accelerates the
ability to deploy human-in-the-loop AI systems with higher
levels of trust and authority.
Linear, a product development pla(orm, built Similar Issues, a
feature that uses AI to detect and prevent duplicate or
overlapping tickets and ensures cleaner and more accurate
data representation.
Magic is building a developer pla(orm with a 100-million-
token context window, so organizations can upload extremely
large code bases and more easily query and build on them
using gen AI assistance.
Meta has partnered with Google Cloud to o$er its Llama
models on Vertex AI. The Llama models prioritize accessibility,
e%ciency, and privacy, with a focus on responsible innovation
and system-level safety.
*NetApp allows organizations to build AI agents with
Agentspace directly on their existing NetApp data — no data
duplication required.
Pinecone provides infrastructure for developers to build
accurate, secure, and scalable AI applications, allowing
companies to easily ground gen AI apps in their proprietary
data for use in AI search, retrieval-augmented generation,
coding agents, and more.
Quantiphi saw developer productivity gains of more than 30%
during its Code Assist pilot.
Replit developers will get access to Google Cloud
infrastructure, services, and foundation models via Ghostwriter,
Replit's so'ware development AI, while Google Cloud and
Workspace developers will get access to Replit’s collaborative
code editing pla(orm.
*Safe Superintelligence is partnering with Google Cloud to
use its TPUs to accelerate its research and development e$orts
toward building a safe, superintelligent AI.
Snorkel AI, an AI application development company, uses
Google Cloud to deploy Snorkel Flow, a data-centric pla(orm
that accelerates AI application development by up to 100
times. This pla(orm makes AI development easy by reducing AI
development time, labeling data in minutes, and adapting to
data changes without manual relabeling.

6/13/25, 3:32 PMReal-world gen AI use cases from the world's leading organizations | Google Cloud Blog
Page 71 of 80https://cloud.google.com/transform/101-real-world-generative-ai-use-cases-from-industry-leaders
Turing is customizing Gemini Code Assist on its private
codebase, empowering its developers with highly personalized
and contextually relevant coding suggestions that have
increased productivity by around 30% and made day-to-day
coding more enjoyable.
Weights & Biases, a creator of AI tools for developers, created
W&B Weave, a lightweight toolkit to track, evaluate, and debug
gen AI applications built with Gemini, so teams can con!dently
go from demo to production.
*Writer builds and trains over 17 large language models that
scale up to 70 billion parameters for custom AI models using
Google Cloud and NVIDIA.
Data Agents
180 Seguros is powering its data management pla(orm for
employees with Google Cloud AI and BigQuery to improve
operational metric tracking, allowing for 3X faster query times.
Addy AI is helping mortgage lenders and banks automate their
lending processes with custom AI models trained on Vertex AI.
For example, the pla(orm can extract loan opportunity details
from lengthy email threads with numerous a#achments.
*Agromai uses a uni!ed pla(orm, powered by Google Cloud,
to provide !nancial institutions and insurers with highly
accurate risk analysis of agricultural plots. Using AI models, the
company has realized signi!cant performance gains and can
now classify up to 10 million hectares per day.
AI21 Labs has partnered with Google Cloud to bring the power
of the Jamba 1.5 Model Family to Vertex AI. This integration
o$ers enterprises models designed to excel in high-demand
tasks like summarization, reasoning, and creative content
generation.
*Aluga Mais uses Vertex AI to analyze data and create a
!nancial pro!le of its customers, checking civil and criminal
proceedings, !nancial behavior, and income to the
bureaucracy of the rental market in Brazil. With Document AI
and BigQuery, the startup has also reduced the time for

6/13/25, 3:32 PMReal-world gen AI use cases from the world's leading organizations | Google Cloud Blog
Page 72 of 80https://cloud.google.com/transform/101-real-world-generative-ai-use-cases-from-industry-leaders
registration analysis from 90 minutes to just to 24 seconds.
Anthropic has partnered with Google Cloud to o$er its Claude
models on Vertex AI Model Garden. This provides organizations
with more model options for intelligence, speed, and cost-
e%ciency.
*Arquivei, which helps manage electronic tax documents
quickly and securely, uses Google Cloud gen AI to discover
insights and relevant data from a large volume of accounting
data, as well as gaining the ability to convert tax reports into
insights.
*Atlantia.ai, a Mexican startup, is using Vertex AI and Vertex AI
Search to build a pla(orm allowing users to compare product
o$ers in real-time based on preferences and location.
Birdie.ai specializes in customer feedback analytics that
provides actionable insights to companies. Using Gemini 1.5
Flash and Vertex AI, Birdie achieved a 9% improvement in
model accuracy to a#ain a 96% accuracy rate while reducing
the processed unit costs by 15%.
Bosch SDS, which supplies technology and services globally,
has integrated sustainability into its core operations. Using
Google Cloud Kubernetes, BigQuery, and Firebase to manage
and scale solutions, build an AI-based cognition engine, and
provide real-time alerts, Bosch SDS reduced energy costs by
12%, improved indoor comfort, and be#er usage of renewable
energy.
Climate Engine and Robeco are using AI and geospatial
technologies with their scienti!c expertise and investment
knowledge to inform how publicly traded companies’ actions
impact biodiversity.
*Cohesity is integrating with Agentspace to provide
employees with greater data discovery for be#er decision-
making, while also increasing security.
Collato's Vertex AI-powered assistant allows users to instantly
transform raw information, including audio recordings, text,
and images, into structured, polished documents, enabling
users to create documents, such as requirements documents
and user research summaries, in a ma#er of seconds.
Contextual is working with Google Cloud to o$er enterprises
fully customizable, trustworthy, privacy-aware AI grounded in

6/13/25, 3:32 PMReal-world gen AI use cases from the world's leading organizations | Google Cloud Blog
Page 73 of 80https://cloud.google.com/transform/101-real-world-generative-ai-use-cases-from-industry-leaders
internal knowledge bases.
*Elastic, a leading search analytics company, partnered with
Google Cloud to help SREs and SecOps use gen AI to interpret
log messages and errors, optimize code, write reports, and
even identify and execute a runbook.
*Eon.io, a startup focused on instant cloud backups and
autonomous posture management, has begun working with
Google Cloud through its partnership with Lightspeed Capital,
adding new AI search capabilities to its pla(orm.
Essential AI, a developer of enterprise AI solutions, is using
Google Cloud’s AI-optimized TPU v5p accelerator chips to train
its own AI models.
#leAI leverages proprietary AI to automate the processing of
any !le end-to-end directly into any system without manual
intervention. Built for !nance, logistics, and insurance teams,
!leAI's AI work&ows unlock unstructured data in 90% less time,
saving users up to 80% in costs.
*Guane, a company dedicated to process automation and data
analysis, uses generative AI to extract data from legal and
logistical documents, and to customize solutions according to
each client's needs.
*Hebbia, the AI pla(orm for knowledge work, has integrated
Gemini models into its Matrix pla(orm, which helps
organizations build AI agents capable of working across all of
their data.
Hugging Face is collaborating with Google across open
science, open source, cloud, and hardware to enable
companies to build their own AI with the latest open models
from Hugging Face and Google Cloud hardware and so'ware.
*Humanizadas specializes in data intelligence for companies
and used Gemini to automate the classi!cation of online
comments as toxic or those that identify people; it also
optimized the extraction of information from PDFs. These have
reduced the time required for these operational processes by
95%.
*Infosys, a global leader in next-generation digital services
and consulting, optimizes digital marketplaces for a leading
consumer brand manufacturer on Google Cloud, providing
actionable insights on inventory planning, promotions, and

6/13/25, 3:32 PMReal-world gen AI use cases from the world's leading organizations | Google Cloud Blog
Page 74 of 80https://cloud.google.com/transform/101-real-world-generative-ai-use-cases-from-industry-leaders
product descriptions.
Intelligencia AI is using AI models to research novel new
drugs, relying on Google Cloud’s AI-optimized infrastructure to
deliver scalable research that is accurate and transparent to
meet the stringent needs of medicine.
Kakao Brain, part of Korean technology company Kakao
Group, has built a large-scale AI language model that is the
largest Korean language-speci!c LLM in the market, with 66
billion parameters. The company also developed a text-to-
image generator called Karlo.
Mistral AI has partnered with Google Cloud to o$er its range
of models — including Codestral for code generation and
Mistral Large 24.11 for complex tasks like agentic work&ows —
on Vertex AI.
Naologic utilizes AI to integrate with and optimize a company's
existing pla(orms, automating business processes and
generating unique source code for each customer. This results
in improved query response times, enhanced scalability, and
the ability to build customized RAG applications with reduced
engineering e$ort.
*NVIDIA is o$ering Google Distributed Cloud with Gemini on
its NVIDIA Blackwell processors, along with NVIDIA Con!dential
Computing, making AI available at the edge in new ways for
regulated industries and countries.
*OpenText o$ers its managed services on Google Cloud,
enabling users to quickly !nd fast, accurate answers to
inquiries that span a broad set of business domains, such as
DevOps, customer service, and content management.
*Oracle has now integrated the full range of Oracle Database
services, running on OCI, with BigQuery, Gemini, and Vertex AI.
Persistent Systems has developed FinSight, a tool for
analyzing !nancial documents Form 10-K or investment
prospecta, allowing users to query the documents using
natural language facilitated on Gemini models.
*StarCloud, part of the Google for Startups Cloud AI
Accelerator, wants to transform the paradigm of hyperscale
data centers, enabling the future of AI by providing the largest
training clusters on data centers in space.
*Story, a purpose-built intellectual property blockchain, is

6/13/25, 3:32 PMReal-world gen AI use cases from the world's leading organizations | Google Cloud Blog
Page 75 of 80https://cloud.google.com/transform/101-real-world-generative-ai-use-cases-from-industry-leaders
working with Google Cloud to use its Web3 services and
infrastructure to bring new capabilities to developers on its
pla(orm.
*SuperSign’s pla(orm facilitates digital contract signing
processes with Gemini, as well as creating solutions focused
on contract summaries and comparisons, opening up new
opportunities in the market.
*Teradata helps analyze, categorize, and summarize customer
inquiries or complaints by using Google Cloud’s multimodal
capabilities to process text and voice data, identify key trends,
and uncover actionable insights to enhance customer loyalty.
*ThoughtSpot uses its AI agent — Spo#er — to empower
customers to do deep data analysis using autonomous
analytics capabilities and an AI-powered chat interface.
*Zippedi, a Chilean data capture pla(orm, uses Google
Cloud’s gen AI to power its robots and deliver real-time insights
to its customers. These AI-powered robots store and process
information to generate insights that optimize decision-making.
Security Agents
Anjuna Security, a leader in Con!dential Computing, is
partnering with Google Cloud to enable the secure and
trustworthy use of enterprise AI workloads in the cloud.
Leveraging Con!dential VMs on C3 machines with Intel TDX
technology, the solution ensures that data, code and models
remain protected at all times — even during processing —
eliminating risks of unauthorized access and tampering.
AppOmni harnesses the diverse capabilities of Vertex AI in its
gen AI-powered security companion, AskOmni, to provide
deeper intelligent contextual security assessments to help
customers manage SaaS security more e%ciently.
Behavox is using Google Cloud technology and LLMs to
provide industry-leading regulatory compliance and front
o%ce solutions for !nancial institutions globally.
Broadcom is modernizing its infrastructure and building a
scalable and secure pla(orm for growth, including SymantecAI,

6/13/25, 3:32 PMReal-world gen AI use cases from the world's leading organizations | Google Cloud Blog
Page 76 of 80https://cloud.google.com/transform/101-real-world-generative-ai-use-cases-from-industry-leaders
powered by Vertex AI, to provide be#er security monitoring and
Zero Trust protection.
Exabeam has built a gen AI copilot for security analysts into its
New-Scale Security Operations Pla(orm.
NetRise developed Trace to provide so'ware supply chain
security by introducing AI-powered intent-driven searches;
these allow users to search their assets based on the
underlying motives or purposes behind the code and
con!gurations, rather than solely relying on signature-based
methods.
NewPush, a cybersecurity company, uses Google Workspace
to signi!cantly improve e%ciency and security. Gemini
automates time-consuming tasks like threat research and
content creation, saving analysts 12 hours a week, allowing
employees to focus on more strategic work.
Palo Alto Networks is using Gemini to create a grounded AI
assistant for 24/7 security pla(orm support in order to improve
agent e%ciency and response time; grounding the assistant in
organizational data and security protocols has greatly
improved the accuracy of responses.
Palo Alto Networks’s Cortex XSIAM, its AI-driven security
operations pla(orm, is built on more than a decade of
expertise in machine learning models and the most
comprehensive, rich, and diverse data store in the industry.
*Rapid7 worked with Ask AI to implement Gemini models for
more e%cient cybersecurity support, delivering a 30%
decrease in case handling times and a 35% increase in agent
capacity for be#er customer experiences.
Securiti AI has pioneered AI risk management and security
with its Data + AI Command Center, a centralized pla(orm that
enables the safe use of data and gen AI, providing uni!ed data
intelligence, controls, and orchestration across hybrid
multicloud environments.
*Spot AI, a video AI startup, transforms passive security
cameras into AI agents for improving security, safety, and
operations in industries like manufacturing, retail, hospitals,
construction and more. The team is using Google Cloud to
power Iris — its new interface for building custom video AI
agents.

6/13/25, 3:32 PMReal-world gen AI use cases from the world's leading organizations | Google Cloud Blog
Page 77 of 80https://cloud.google.com/transform/101-real-world-generative-ai-use-cases-from-industry-leaders
*Thales is developing a global Security Operation Centre
pla(orm based on Google Cloud cybersecurity technologies
and expertise, including Google Security Operations pla(orm,
VirusTotal, and Mandiant Threat Intelligence, all powered by
gen AI.
Transparently.AI's Manipulation Risk Analyzer generates
highly accurate risk reports for any organization — and for any
!nancial year — within seconds, using AI algorithms to dig
deep into large !nancial data sets, unearthing accounting red
&ags that the human eye might miss.
*Unico, a Brazilian technology company that validates people's
real identities to ensure data privacy, puts Google Cloud's AI
technologies at the core of some of its data protection
solutions to help manage scale and security.
Wiz, an Israeli cloud security startup, helps security teams
empower its data teams to deploy more useful AI applications
faster and more responsibly; the startup created a Vertex AI
integration that helps monitor and manage the security risks
associated with running AI models.
Telecommunications
Customer Agents
Bell Canada has built customizable contact center solutions
for its business customers that o$er AI-powered agents to
address callers, and Agent Assist, which listens when a human
agent is on, o$ering suggestions and sentiment analysis. AI has
contributed $20 million in savings across customer operations.
Telecom Italia (TIM) implemented a Google-powered voice
agent to address many customer calls, increasing e%ciency by
20%.
Employee Agents

6/13/25, 3:32 PMReal-world gen AI use cases from the world's leading organizations | Google Cloud Blog
Page 78 of 80https://cloud.google.com/transform/101-real-world-generative-ai-use-cases-from-industry-leaders
TELUS has democratized access to AI across the organization,
creating a sandbox of internal gen AI tools with built-in privacy
and security controls. Whether analyzing complex reports and
legal documents, improving !eld operations, or
troubleshooting IT issues, more than 50,000 TELUS team
members regularly use AI in their daily tasks and report saving
an average of 40 minutes per process.
*TIM Brasil uses Google Cloud gen AI to transcribe audio of
calls made for customer service, and then classify, summarize,
and qualify the customer's demand with increasing precision.
The solution assists agents with their work and provides
feedback to the team on best practices
Verizon is using gen AI to help teams in network operations
and customer experience get the answers they need faster.
Vodafone uses Vertex AI to search and understand speci!c
commercial terms and conditions across more than 10,000
contracts with more than 800 communications operators.
*Vodafone also worked with Quantexa to provide clear
customer insights and actionable decision intelligence with a
360-customer view for improved service experiences, built on
Google Cloud and Quantexa’s Decision Intelligence pla(orm.
Code Agents
Nokia leverages Vertex AI and Gemini 1.5 Pro to enhance its
Network as Code pla(orm, enabling developers to create 5G
applications faster with enriched AI capabilities. This
collaboration targets various industries, starting with
healthcare, to improve telehealth experiences and promote
innovation within Google Cloud's developer community.
Data Agents
BT Group is taking advantage of AI to deliver democratization
of data for enhanced customer experience and security.

6/13/25, 3:32 PMReal-world gen AI use cases from the world's leading organizations | Google Cloud Blog
Page 79 of 80https://cloud.google.com/transform/101-real-world-generative-ai-use-cases-from-industry-leaders
Related articles
Ge#ing things done faster and with greater productivity has
become a steady state.
Cox 2M, the commercial IoT division of Cox Communications,
has reduced the time to insights for non-technical users by
88% with natural-language chat and gen AI using Gemini and
ThoughtSpot.
Orange operates in 26 countries where local data must be kept
in each country. They are using AI on Google Distributed Cloud
to improve network performance and deliver super-responsive
translation capabilities. Watch session to learn more.
Security Agents
*Vertiv is detecting 3x the number of cyber events and closing
investigations 50% faster by using the AI-powered Google
Security Operations pla(orm.
*Vodafone used Vertex AI along with open-source tools and
Google Cloud's security foundation to establish a robust, data-
driven AI security governance layer that serves more than
50,000 internal customers.
Posted inAI & Machine Learning

6/13/25, 3:32 PMReal-world gen AI use cases from the world's leading organizations | Google Cloud Blog
Page 80 of 80https://cloud.google.com/transform/101-real-world-generative-ai-use-cases-from-industry-leaders
Follow us
Google CloudGoogle Cloud ProductsPrivacyTe r m s
Help
English
AI & Machine
Learning
By Will Grannis • 11-minute
read
AI & Machine
Learning
By Kalyan Pamarthy • 5-
minute read
AI & Machine
Learning
By Mauricio Ruiz • 6-
minute read
AI & Machine
Learning
By Alex Rutter • 4-minute
read
Ask OCTO: Making
sense of agents
AI agents are
taking
autonomous
action. Google
Agentspace is
giving them a
home
How we built an AI
basketball coach
with Gemini on
Vertex AI
Making search
smarter: How AI is
changing the way
we !nd
information
